,id,subreddit,selftext,title
0,r6a0na,nutrition,I usually eat 2 pints a day…but I just realized that’s 2.5lb oh my lordt,Is there such thing as eating too many strawberries?
1,r69mv2,nutrition,"I think hamburgers get a bad rap, because when people typically eat hamburgers, they are also drinking soda and eating French fries. 

Agree or disagree?",Contrive opinion; I don’t think hamburgers are “bad for you”
2,r66h31,nutrition,Could you please explain this to me?,"Why does 40% Vodka have 231cals per 100ml, when 40 alcohol grams times 7cals per alcohol equal 280 cals?"
3,r65xvt,nutrition,Pasture raised organic eggs are probably the most nutritious option but what are the differences between free range organic and pasture raised but not organic. Thanks!,Free range organic Vs pasture raised
4,r64tct,nutrition,"What does a day of eating look like for you? 

It turns out im way below healthy iron levels so i want to be able to create a sustainable way to get in all the iron i need each day.

&amp;#x200B;

Any tips would be much appreciated! thankyou :)",For women aged 19+... How in the world do you get in the recommended 18mg of iron per day?
5,r61tak,nutrition,"I hear alot that chia seeds leads to intestinal and colon blockage, and that you should soak them. Will i still have colon or digestive problems if i add/mix it with my fruits spinach and other vegetables in the blender? Or those problem only happens when you eat the chia seeds dry how it is.",Chia Seeds Blend
6,r5xxrm,nutrition,I heard today that combining carbs and fats can lead to metabolic disorders and weight gain because the body prioritizes carbs for energy and stores the fats. It’s called the Randle Cycle or something. How true is that? Is it something to take into consideration?,Combining carbs and fats
7,r5xphb,nutrition,"So i've find out the Dr Berg and Thomas DeLauer's channels and i've find myself in a situation of being overwhelmed with information and i dont know if i can trust this guys. Is there any good and scientific material wich i can learn the fundations of nutrition? It can be books, sites, articles, whatever, i just want to know the essencial so i'll can take decisions on my own

And sorry for my bad english, its not my first language and im trying to improve it",Any sources about nutrition for beginners?
8,r5wfn7,nutrition,"My Vitamin D level is 130 nmol/L, which is slightly high. I don't get much sunlight but I take 3,000 UI a day in supplements.

I want to reduce the levels down to 80-100 nmol/L. How many weeks should I stop taking supplements to drop to that level? I don't want to overshoot and swing back down 25-45 nmol/L by accident.",Vitamin D of 130 nmol/L
9,r5vavb,nutrition,Has anyone heard of black cumin before? My mom mentioned it to me today and apparently some people are being treated with it who are hospitalized with something that shall remain unnamed. Has anyone else heard about this or any other health benefits?,Black cumin benefits
10,r5ujug,nutrition,"I was wondering what the unrealistic 20g protein crane yoghurt is made of. I avoid whey powder, since it is quite unhealthy, but I am afraid the protein in this product is of the same kind. Any help is amazing ;)",Crane yoghurt protein
11,r5sq0a,nutrition,"Just wondering if they give you more than other, normal foods, or if it's mostly just marketing.",What do superfoods do for you?
12,r5s5fe,nutrition,"The general rule I’ve heard is that the fewer the ingredients, the better, but I’m curious if there’s specific ingredients that will deter you immediately from a food product and why that might be. 

On the other hand, are there any ingredients that are an immediate green flag that most people may not know about?","When looking at the nutrition label, what are some ingredients you look for that are immediately a red flag for that product?"
13,r5qv6g,nutrition,"Idk if this is the right subbredit

I dont realy workout seriously, i more exercise at home every night, now can i still use creatine? Would i still benefit from it if i just exercise casualy?",Do you need to workout to be able to consume Creatine?
14,r5qi9b,nutrition,"
whitish or yellow discharge from a penis? 

You know how semen looks but the strange discharge just appears, what could it be? 

Let Health Remote show you now 

#jpeeiclinic #Healthcare #healthRemote
[check what it could be affect you here](http://www.ptsdrs.com/2021/11/urethral-discharge-causes.html)",Causes of whitish discharge What causes
15,r5p6m6,nutrition,"My friend is Vegan and he pointed me to an article showing that meat will give you cancer. I wish I could still find it but for some reason, it's not on my Iphone. That article stated that meat causes a multiplication and mutation of cells increasing the risk of cancer. I looked online  to find clinical data on this and it does  exist.  In any other medium you would be able to do a clinical trial to see if the cells are doing what your hypothesis is saying and then confirm some form of causation. Instead this is a claim based off of epidemiology and not actual controlled trials or observation via bloodwork, imaging, etc.",In a sense is Nutrition science the most flawed science we have today? So many of the nutrition guidelines are based off epidemiology and rarely are they tied controlled long-term clinical trials to real a conclusion on causation.
16,r5od8f,nutrition,"So I have been experiencing hair loss, rosacea (small broken capillaries and persistent redness on face) and my tooth enamel looks like it's wearing away as the bottom 1/4 of my teeth are translucent. 

I have noticed all of these within the last year or so and I'm really wanting to find out what has triggered these issues. I've been looking at them separately but recently I've been wondering whether there's an underlying problem that could be contributing to them all?  I've only just started researching/looking into gut health so very very new to this idea but I have seen gut health being linked to hair loss, rosacea and tooth enamel decay. Could this be plausible?

Any information, websites, books, youtubers or anything would be great on this if you know of any would be great!","Gut health - hair loss, rosacea and tooth enamel decay"
17,r5occ1,nutrition,Are there some forms of sodium that should be avoided and some that should be consumed?  When will sodium hydrate you and when will it dehydrate you?,The basics of sodium and hydration?
18,r5km48,nutrition,"Personally, i’m just not the biggest fan of most fruits. Am i missing out on much?",What happens if you eat vegetables and not fruit?
19,r5k78y,nutrition,"Hi all,  


I thought I'd share some interesting work I came across while doing some university work - [Westerterp-Plantenga et al., (2005)](https://www.nature.com/articles/0802862#citeas) and [Kang et al., (2016)](https://academic.oup.com/jcem/article/101/12/4681/2765040?login=true) among others, examining the effect of capsaicin on satiety. I've not linked every paper I've read, but the literature seems to suggest:  


* Capsaicin enhances prevalence of *Faecalibacteria* in the gut, increasing production of short-chain fatty acids
* The increase in SCFAs has some influence on feelings of satiety, or else some other factor improves feelings of satiety and reduces hunger.
* 25mg/day capsaicin in the diet appears to be sufficient to achieve a reduction in consumed calories.

Thoughts? I can't imagine many people having a pinch of chilli powder on their cornflakes every morning - perhaps the more experienced members might be able to suggest a potential practical application?",Capsaicin &amp; Satiety
20,r5hoiv,nutrition,"Do anyone else use Notion to track their macros, intake and progress?",Do anyone else use Notion to track everything?
21,r5egcz,nutrition,I mean better for you in the sense of less sugar/ fat.,What are some desserts that are better for you but still taste decent?
22,r5e9op,nutrition,"Book/Websites that dive into the science of what foods to avoid/incorporate, all whilst explaining why.",Books that can help introduce me to nutrition
23,r5d5co,nutrition,"Whenever healthy fats are talked about, it is usually avocados, nuts, nut butters, avocado oil, seeds, eggs, fatty fish, yoghurt, heck even *olive oil.* But no one seems to talk about just... straight up olives?

Is it because they're actually not a healthy source of fat? Or the taste? What is it? Are they actually a healthy fat?",Olives... a healthy fat?
24,r5ch3z,nutrition,"Consider the following meals, assuming the same serving size for each. Are there any differences in nutrition, satiety, or anything else? 

* Bowl of oatmeal (rolled oats) made with almond milk and sliced banana on top
* Baked oatmeal cookies where the only ingredients are rolled oats, almond milk, and banana
* A smoothie made with almond milk, rolled oats, and banana",Changes with Cooking or Blending?
25,r5bwzv,nutrition,Someone told me that eating oatmeal for dinner instead of breakfast will help me to sleep better. Is this true?,Will oatmeal help with sleep?
26,r5b0zu,nutrition,"The other night my local pizza place was closed, so I got some supermarket frozen pizza that I microwaved. Big mistake... I was constipated for nearly 2 days straight. I just went to the bathroom and still feel pretty congested...",What are some good natural laxative foods?
27,r5ak37,nutrition,"[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LuUCFkHjcEA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LuUCFkHjcEA) 

Best-selling author and journalist Mark Schatzker (,The Dorito Effect,) discusses his latest book, ""The End of Craving: Recovering the Lost Wisdom of Eating Well,"" which sheds light on how the dysfunctional relationship between humans and food began-and how science is leading us back to healthier eating and living.",Can We Eat Our Way Out of Obesity?
28,r5a011,nutrition,"I’m a female who already worries about being underweight, when I’m on my adderall, I have almost no appetite, and will struggle to get 2 meals a day in. What are some things I can do to eat more throughout the day?",I have trouble eating enough while I’m on my medication- what can I do to increase my calorie intake?
29,r57hzy,nutrition,"Hello! Im not sure if this technically belongs in this sub but im curious what you all think, how much water is too much? I have a large 64oz bottle that I fill with water, some days I'm super busy and only drink 1 fill up, but other days I can drink 4 or 5!! I know drinking too little water is bad bad is there too much? I googled but im seeing conflicting results. 

Thanks in advance!",How much water is too much?
30,r57ap1,nutrition,"DSPD has been the bane of my existence. Not being able to wake up before noon affected my academic, career, and social life. I tried everything for years and it was only after supplementing pregnenolone, which I read had nootropic effects, that I noticed the side effect of waking up earlier and going to bed earlier.

What physiological reaction is happening?

One interesting thing is that all the benefits pregnenolone disappeared when I took up smoking and then immediately came back when I stopped. Is nicotine an antagonist?",Why did pregnenolone cure my Delayed Sleep Phase Disorder (DSPD)?
31,r56xfs,nutrition,"I'm talking about liquids like stock, a soup or a tomato sauce. 
My guess is, since most of the volume you are 'losing' is water, there is not much of a caloric difference between reduced and not-reduced liquids, am I right?","What happens calorie-wise, if you reduce a liquid?"
32,r52thk,nutrition,I live in argentina. Most of courses here are too shady. Im looking for a short course with good content. anyone have something to recommend? thanks!,Looking for a Good Supplement Course
33,r505ze,nutrition,The package of chia seeds I have at home states that the “maximum daily intake of chia seeds should not exceed 15g per day”. Is there a reason for that? Would it be harmful to eat more than 15g/day?,Is there such a thing as eating too much chia seeds?
34,r505e1,nutrition,A snack in which minimal hand dexterity and hand-eye coordination is needed.,What healthy snacks can children (6yo and 9yo) make for themselves on their own?
35,r4zkrv,nutrition,Frozen vs fresh,Does freezing whole fruit decrease nutritive value of insoluble fiber?
36,r4xklp,nutrition,Every time I search for something nutrition-related on google 99% of search results are online newspapers of very arguable reliability. Can anyone out here link a reliable source of nutrition information?,Any reliable source on nutrition?
37,r4wb1u,nutrition,"Contrary to the widespread notion that being vegan is expensive, the research claims that a vegan diet is the most affordable in countries such as the US, UK, Australia, and parts of Western Europe. 

Link to study: https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lanplh/article/PIIS2542-5196(21)00251-5/fulltext","Vegan Diets Cheaper On Global Scale, Says Oxford University Study"
38,r4v7li,nutrition,"For example.. a fresh apple from a tropical country, consumed in said tropical country, vs. the same apple that has been imported by and shipped to a different country. Would they have the same nutritional value, or does the imported apple lose some of its vitamins and minerals by being stored and preserved longer?

Thanks in advance :)",Can the same food have different nutritional value in different countries?
39,r4uycu,nutrition,"I typically add lime juice, salt and cream of tartar (rich in potassium) to mine. What other options have you tried?",Apple cider vinegar drink recipes?
40,r4qqk7,nutrition,"Indian meat dishes or vegetables often require Garam masala for seasoning. In the northern part of India, Garam masala is found in powder form but in the southern part of India, garam masala is found as a paste with coconut milk, water or vinegar. Garam masala is sometimes used on its own, but it can be mixed or used with other seasonings. By using the [**Sunrise Garam Masala**](https://sunrise.in/product/garam-masala-powder/) blend you can make your curries more delicious.

### What is Garam Masala?

Garam Masala is a mixture of ground spices that is used extensively in Indian cuisines. The spices of Garam Masala are usually toasted to bring out more aroma and flavor. The term masala means ‘spices’ and Garam means ‘hot’ and the powder form is mostly gluten-free and vegetarian.

### Origin of Garam Masala

It is always believed that Garam masala originated in Northern Indian dishes and is specially founded in Mughal dishes. Garam Masala is spread throughout the Indian subcontinent as well as in Iran and Pakistan.

### Different Varieties of Garam Masala

There is not a single Garam masala recipe, as the ingredients differ according to the region as well as most of the chef’s individual preferences. In northern India, especially in the Punjab region, garam masala has only had black pepper for a hot element and focuses on sweet and aromatic spices. This type of Garam masala will be in a mild form.

Now, in India’s southern part, the hotter the garam masala is likely to be as red chilies are mostly to be part of the blend. The spices also changed as to how it is common locally. Thus recipes are not only regional but also passed down through families. So learning to mix the spices is a matter of pride in India.

### What spices are included in Garam Masala?

Garam Masala is a blend of spices which include,

* Cinnamon sticks
* Green cardamom pods
* Coriander seeds
* Black peppercorns
* Bay leaves
* Cumin seeds
* Mace

### What does it taste like?

Garam masala adds sweetness, warmth, floral aroma and a touch of heat from the black pepper. It is intended to be fragrant spice as well as flavorful.

### Cooking with Garam Masala

The blended mixture is usually added near the end of cooking so that it adds an aroma to the dish. Some additional Garam masala may also be sprinkled on top of the dish. It is often not the only spice and seasoning used in the dish.

### What does Garam masala taste like?

Garam masala is a warm, fragrant spice blend with lots of layers of flavors. But every blend will not taste the same, but you will get some hints of cinnamon, cloves or peppercorns. Try some pinch of Sunrise Garam Masala on roasted vegetables, it will really taste better.

### Difference between curry powder and Garam masala.

They are completely different spice blends. Curry powder is often a mix of turmeric powder, ginger, and chili powder. But Garam masala is completely different from curry powder as it has a fragrant smell, and a pinch of masala can change the look and taste of the dish.

### Uses of Bengali’ gorommoshla’

Bengal people don’t use Garam masala at the beginning of their cook. They add whole Garam masala at the start of the recipe, which needed the tempering of such spices. Bengalis also add Garam masala for marinating meats, and curries have a Garam masala texture in the end. Here are a few recipes where Bengali’s used Garam masala:-

* Murgir Jhol ( chicken curry)
* Maacher Kalia (fish curry)
* Basanti pulao ( yellow rice)
* Fulkopi diye Chingri maach (prawns cooked with cauliflower)\\

Garam masala is a spice mix that is used extensively in Indian cooking. It has a strong, peppery flavor which can be found at the [**Sunrise Online Shop**](https://sunrise.in/product/garam-masala-powder/). It would be best to use Sunrise Garam Masala because it is easy to store and provides added depth to dishes, and can be used in different dishes. Garam masala intends to balance out various flavors. Hence, when you add Garam masala in your dishes which bring out the flavor of the dish. It is also used as a warming spice in the tradition of Hindu Ayurveda medicine, which raises the body’s temperature and improves metabolism.",Garam Masala: Its Special Touch Transforms Dishes to the Next Level
41,r4oihj,nutrition,Hi does anyone know what the macros would be for the chicken in chicken shawarma? Would it just be the same as regular chicken breast?,Shawarma macros
43,r4n6rb,nutrition,"This is a very academic question. I know the real practical answer is to just have a lot of healthy variety, and the macros mostly fill themselves in.

But I'm more interested in this extreme example to get a better sense of how the body works. :)

Imagine a fictitious diet that perfectly meets your macro targets, but is basically devoid of vitamins, minerals, and all the other micros you need.

For example, imagine only eating like this:

* Eat a bunch of lean chicken breast until you reach your protein target.
* Eat a bunch of Kerrygold butter until you reach your fat target.
* Eat a bunch of sugar cubes until you reach your carb target.

I know this is ridiculous. But suppose one had exactly this diet... What's the most efficient way to then bridge the gap? Would taking a multivitamin, a greens supplement, a fiber supplement, and maybe swapping some of the butter out for fish oil supplement, actually result in a healthy balance, as if you were hitting your macro targets with a varied diet that hits all the micros as well?

Why or why not? What is missing? What makes this situation hopeless, if it is?","Assuming you start with a diet that hits all your macros but none of your micros, what's the minimal/easiest path to covering it all?"
44,r4mqyc,nutrition,"Suppose you had to make a meal plan for someone **extremely** lazy, who wanted a diet that kept them at a nice, healthy weight while requiring only the bare minimum amount of effort. 

Assume they don't care about taste or variety--this person would rather toss some carrots and beans on a plate and call it a meal than spend time in the kitchen making recipes.

What are a few meals you might suggest for this lazy bum?","Maximum Nutrition, Minimum Effort?"
45,r4jim3,nutrition,Looking to get a Nutribullet and wondering what yous think is the best one and your reasons why. Thanks for any advice.,"What's the best Nutribullet to use, and why, in your opinion?"
46,r4iewx,nutrition,"I'm trying to avoid added sugar, and wondering what tricks you add to make plain Yogurt taste better. A little sugar is fine but some of these non-fat fruit-added ones have %20 of your days sugar content in them.",How do you make plain Greek Yogurt more palatable?
47,r4ck0s,nutrition,"Ideally, foods that are easy to find and/or prepare. 

Thank you, in advance!",What foods promote heart health?
48,r4celo,nutrition,"Sorry if this is a dumb question, I was wondering whether patting grease off from bacon with a paper towel reduces sodium? Or does that just reduce fat?",Does removing grease from bacon reduce sodium content?
49,r4ap7h,nutrition,"So I’ve been ordering from a nearby poke spot that is amazing. I mostly get their tofu bowl: includes spring mix salad, brown rice, edamame, radish, seaweed salad, tempura flakes, tomato’s, cucumbers, sesame dressing and spicy ginger dressing. I usually go light - medium on the dressing.

It’s SOO yummy, and feels healthy. But is it?",Is poke healthy?
50,r4afyj,nutrition,I always hear that honey is used to treat wounds whenever I research this. I don’t have a wound and can’t see how this has anything to do with nutrition.,Are there any nutritional differences between honey &amp; sugar?
51,r49xga,nutrition,"According to Michael Pollan’s ‘In Defense of Food,’ “USDA figures show a decline in the nutrient content of the forty-three crops it has tracked since the 1950s…to put this in more concrete terms, you now have to eat three apples to get the same amount of iron as you would have gotten from a single 1940 apple.” (p. 118)
The gist of this chapter is that monocultural farming with pesticides and fertilizers has diminished the nutritive properties of soil, and therefore the foods coming out of it are less nutritious. 
So my question is, are the estimated nutritive values on my spinach and apples based upon these earlier values, or are they periodically re-analyzed to ensure accurate vitamin and mineral content? 
Essentially, I’m trying to figure out if I should be taking a multivitamin even though I’m eating a plant-based diet.",How often are plants’ nutritional contents recalculated?
52,r48pgh,nutrition,"If you were to eat around 2-3 cans a day, how would that effect your health overall?",How does BPA/BPS effect your health in a diet with canned food?
53,r47gem,nutrition,"I usually drink protein shakes every morning, before coffee. I also consider it breakfast, since im not a big fan of eating in the morning. 

Im curious how quickly amino acids are converted to sugar? I mix about 15 grams of protein powder with 200 mL of water and a little matcha powder and drink it in less than 2 mins. Will my body immediately convert the protein to sugar? could my blood sugar spike?",Protein conversion to glucose/triglycerides
54,r46vhm,nutrition,"https://www.westonaprice.org/health-topics/food-features/how-does-pork-prepared-in-various-ways-affect-the-blood/

Supposedly eating non marinated/cured pork causes blood clotting but the study seems sketchy (sample size of &lt;5, not peer reviewed) if anyone qualified can fact check that'd be awesome.",Can someone fact check this study?
55,r46ugr,nutrition,trying to gain lean mass going for 3000 cal a day and a 10 minutes snack (plus full fat milk) being the same as an entire meal (597cal in total) just feels off,"just need to check these my fitness pal results cause they seem too good to be true, 400 cal for bowl of nuts?"
56,r462ls,nutrition,I do runing and go to the gym so witch supplement should I choose bcaa or Whey protein maybe even both?,Bcaa vs whey protein or both 🧐?
57,r44s37,nutrition,"Hello! I know nothing about nutrition so I apologize if this question is incredibly stupid, but I'm curious. In ATLA, Aang is studying with a guru who feeds him only onions and bananas and says it's a balanced diet to gain balance within himself. Would this actually provide the necessary nutrients for a human body? Granted he's not doing any exercise and is just spending his time meditating so there isn't a great need for caloric intake. Thanks!!",Would the Avatar Diet Work?
58,r440nx,nutrition,"We all know about the classic advice flubs like the food pyramid, but what’re some other things the FDA, CDC, etc have recommended in the past that turned out to be patently wrong?",What’s some of the worst nutrition advice from the US government historically?
59,r43bm9,nutrition,"Hi everyone! Apologies in advance if this isn’t the right sub, i just couldn’t find a better one. I am in college and due to make a presentation on “Plants that accumulate glucids”. Slightly baffled by this one, i managed to find some plants which may accumulate glucids. Note: yes, the word is “accumulate”, not have or anything. My interpretation of this is basically plants which have a huge content in glucids. Is this right?? Also, do you think that sweet potato fits the bill? I also picked rice as well. Thank you for any help you may give me. Cheers",Plants that accumulate glucids
60,r3x8v0,nutrition,Please and think you.,Can yall link a salt that has mostly Potassium Chloride in it?
61,r3vjqr,nutrition,"Can someone please explain the science behind the cyclical process of bulking and cutting? Also, specifically, what the caloric intake and macronutrient breakdown would look like (I'd really appreciate if you can provide some solid, research-backed sources).

Thanks for reading and happy nutrition :)",Caloric intake and macronutrient breakdown during bulks/cuts?
62,r3vfw1,nutrition,What do I say to someone who says you don't get enough protein with a plant based diet?,What do I say to someone who says you don't get enough protein with a plant based diet?
63,r3siw3,nutrition,"Would love to know how to lower cholesterol, and possibly lose weight at the same time, and about the fats which are the good fats of any and what else could I do?",Lowering cholesterol?
64,r3r3jn,nutrition,So let’s say I’m limiting my calorie intake to 1300 per day to loose weight. And for lunch I have a meal that is 500 calories. If I jump on a treadmill or any exercise and burn 500 calories that same day do I add 500 more calories to the day or should I keep it at 800. Thank you everyone.,Question about calories
65,r3qcgo,nutrition,"Looking at it from the view of just wanting to be healthier, will I lack anything I can’t say supplement for? What are the benefits of eating this way?","Is there any reason I need to eat meat or dairy, can I truly go without it?"
66,r3q71u,nutrition,"Starting with nutrition, how can I know what to eat outside the basics of eating Whole Foods and non gmo I want my body working at its best and I thought food would be a good place to start.",Is there anything you can tell me in terms of nutrition how to eat healthy?
67,r3ppsd,nutrition,How many raw cloves of garlic per day is too much? Or is there no threshold?,Is there an upper limit to eating raw garlic per day?
68,r3p0y0,nutrition,"Goodafternoon, im a young male with a HDL level of 33. What are some foods or even drinks that is good and can raise my HDL level back to normal levels (40). I know exercising and having a active lifestyle plays a big role also.","HDL Level is 33 ,"
69,r3nx2p,nutrition,Has anyone tried UNCO whey protein? [Upfront-Nutrition.com](https://Upfront-Nutrition.com) is the website.,UNCO Nutritional Supplements
70,r3lpvq,nutrition,"For someone who'd like to look lean/shredded, how does the process of bulking and cutting work (e.g. duration of each bulk and cut), and specifically, what the caloric intake and macronutrient breakdown would look like (there's so much information out there and I'd really appreciate if you can provide some solid, research-backed sources).

Thanks for reading and happy nutrition :)",Caloric intake and macronutrient breakdown during bulks/cuts?
71,r3lhjb,nutrition,"So I'm looking for no added sugar cereal but a lot of them contain barley malt extract/syrup. This is described as an unrefined sweetener but it still seems to be about 55% sugar and there is only a negligible fibre, protein and fat content.

So, can someone tell me how barley malt is really any different or how it will behave differently from sugar? Additionally, would something containing sweet whey powder be a better option since this just seems to be a byproduct of cheese with some protein and fat (similar to milk which is categorised as an intrinsic sugar)?

Thanks.",Barley Malt &amp; Sugar
72,r3kulb,nutrition,"Hello! I need to complete an informational interview with someone working in the health science field to explore possible careers. I was wondering if anyone here working in nutrition science might be able to help me by answering 10 questions about their career on a word doc I've created? I would greatly appreciate the help and it wouldn't take too long! Thank you!

*Please delete this if isn't allowed as I didn't see a rule pertaining to this, thanks!",Informational Interview help
73,r3jhhs,nutrition,"For context, I do strength training 3x a week and running 2x a week, ~9 miles a week.

I’m guessing the quality of the fat makes a difference as well.",What is more important for reducing body fat: caloric deficit or fat intake?
74,r3eypj,nutrition,"I have been ordering sandwiches kind of like subway style and I can customize them, there is an option to have raw or fried onions and I was wondering how big of a health difference there is between them, I assume raw onion are slightly healthier but I'm wondering if it matters at all if the rest of the sandwich isn't that healthy anyway (White bread and sauces), so is there a big difference if I switch the fried onions to raw onions or the difference isn't significant? Thanks!",Health Differences Between Fried Onion And Raw Onion?
75,r3ebjq,nutrition,"Hi, I was wondering here if anyone could answer a question of mine as I'm not getting clear information on the interwebs.

&amp;#x200B;

I was curious if the tannins in apples is only contain in the skin &amp; for mangoes, are the tannins only in the kernel or is it just more abundant. Also curious of best fruits to eat alongide iron rich foods.",Question about Tannins in Apples &amp; Mangoes
76,r3d8pk,nutrition,"What I’m asking is when exactly do muscle grow and get bigger, like does recovery mean just allowing the CNS and joints time to be ready for the next workout, and most muscle growth is on the day of sed workout, or do the muscles actually grow in size in strength on recovery days? I’ve seen people say they eat more on rest days than training days, because it’s when the muscle grows... but I’ve also seen the opposite.  I’m not in a surplus on either rest or work days I’m either at, slightly above or slightly below maintenance day to day. I’ve never really clearly known this answer and would like some clarification from experts.","Do muscles actually grow on rest days? If so, should one eat more calories on a rest day?"
77,r3cs8p,nutrition,"I am aware of the documentaries/series of people demonstrating how fast the effects of highly processed, fast food diet has on health but I was wondering if there are any that show the reverse of someone who eats a lot of take away and then changing their diet/lifestyle - how quickly does blood work, physiology or other measures change with an improvement to diet?",Are their shows/resources where person has gone from highly processed diet and sedentary to meeting all daily requirements and working out
78,r3aym1,nutrition,I live in Sweden. I know many people who take athletic greens and say it’s amazing but would love to hear if there is any better alternatives found in Europe ? Would also love to hear how people felt after taking A.G ?,Is athletic greens really worth it ( Europe)
79,r35kqz,nutrition,"Asking for advice considering the health of moderate amounts of fruit vs. fruit juice in a diet. Opinions about this seem to be all over the map and I can't figure out what's scientifically valid and what's not. The question is regarding the relative health effects of 1 -2 servings a day - real, nutritional label size servings - of the following three items:

a. 100% juice from various fruits other than apple

b. The same juice with fiber supplements added

c. Raw, unprocessed fruit


I've heard four distinct opinions on these:

1. Fruit and fruit juice are both healthy thanks to micronutrient content.

2. Fruit is healthy; juice is unhealthy due to a lack of fiber, however if you drink it with fiber supplements, it becomes healthy again.

3. Fruit is healthy; juice is unhealthy, even with supplements because the fiber has to be ""attached to the sugar.""

4. Fruit and juice are both unhealthy due to sugar content.

Does anyone know the truth? What is the relative health of juice, juice + fiber, and raw fruit, and would any of them be considered beneficial to include in your diet in moderate amounts?

If it matters, assume the specific fruit is varied day to day, among the most common sweet fruits and juices, except the juice of pomacious fruits is excluded. Citrus, melons, berries, and nectarines. No apple or pear juice.","Fruit, juice, fiber, and health"
80,r34au2,nutrition,Open discussion…….GO!,Unpopular opinion: You don’t need to eat vegetables to be healthy
81,r33uzd,nutrition,"As a fitness enthusiast, I love showing people that gaining muscle or losing fat isn't as hard as it seems. Understanding Calorie Surplus, Deficit and maintenance are key to building a solid foundation. Therefore, I spent some simplifying things in the blog below. 

http://20066742.hs-sites.com/how-does-calorie-intake-affect-my-weight

Share with family and friends to help them understand the fundamentals of nutrition!

Cheers",Calorie Intake Simplified
82,r33qkg,nutrition,"I have looked everywhere for nutrition information. More specifically, I am looking for the sugar and the caffeine content in different Chatime bubble teas. But, all I have been able to find is solely the calorie information from their website. And other sites have some information for sugar and caffeine, but they vary so drastically that they are borderline untrustworthy.

TLDR: Is there a trustworthy site to find out Chatime sugar and caffeine amounts?",Where can I find accurate nutrition/stats on bubble tea (Chatime)?
83,r339je,nutrition,"I like to treat myself on Friday and Saturday nights to either a nice cocktail or a piece of cake or cookies.

I'm an athlete and I wonder what's worse for recovery? I'm guessing it's the alcohol.",What's worse - alcohol or refined sugar and flour?
84,r32x40,nutrition,Looking for reviews on this program. Was it helpful? [smoothie diet](https://go.smoothiediet.com/?hop=casanovaed),Has anyone tried this program ?
85,r317jz,nutrition,"Instead of watching YouTube videos and reading articles on Google, I want to be self-sufficient and knowledgeable enough to be able to formulate my own diet plans and workout routines. 

What are the best books people have read or heard of?",Best books for nutrition? Possibly training too?
86,r30f1t,nutrition,"In the neverending quest for relatively healthy yet tasty cereal our family has discovered Quaker Corn Squares and Oatmeal Squares. Both are a little borderline on sugar content (they're no cheerios) but decent on fibre. My assumption is the oat squares are better since they're wholegrain oats. But, I know that nixtamalization makes corn much healthier and wholesome for eating. So which is healthier the corn or the oat squares? I'll tell you the corn squares are tastier!

https://www.tastyrewards.com/en-ca/brands/quaker/products/quakerr-corn-squares-cereal

https://www.tastyrewards.com/en-ca/brands/quaker/products/quakerr-oatmeal-squares-cereal",Quaker Corn Squares vs Quaker Oatmeal Squares
87,r2ywh4,nutrition,"Sorry if this isn’t the right sub for this question, but here goes. Any time I overeat/eat too many sweets or fried foods (birthdays, thanksgiving, etc) the next day I feel very sore and almost like my body is bruised. Is this normal, and if so what is the reason?",Body is sore and tender after overeating
88,r2w0ws,nutrition,Would love to hear anyone’s experiences. Thanks in advance for the replies.,I’m torn. Has anyone tried the starch solution and how did it work out for you? I’m so curious.
89,r2udoh,nutrition,Water-based fruit like strawberries?,How many lbs of fruit can one safety eat at once?
90,r2r9il,nutrition,"So fiber rich foods don't tend to spike blood sugar. Does that mean if someone had a fiber rich meal or fiber supplement right before eating refined carbs/sugar, would they not get the same sugar spike? Or does the fiber only count for the food it is in?",Question about Fiber and Blood Sugar
91,r2pl1b,nutrition,"I have read a while ago (not sure where, it was some ""health-conscious"" site) that multivitamin supplements can actually be detrimental and get in the way of a proper absorption of the natural vitamins one gets from food. Is there any possible truth to this? Thanks",Is there any evidence out there that various multivitamin supplements could get in conflict with natural vitamins from food and be detrimental to their absorption?
92,r2mspj,nutrition,"I use these sups thought I share if you don't k ow now you know. Also use code T20KMerritt for discounts!! Get gains!
https://www.redcon1.com/?aff=19813",Redcon1 deals for days!
93,r2la94,nutrition,"Hey guys,

I've created some free nutrition icons which everyone can use for anything they like. They are completely open-source. Which means use them for anything you like. No email or any sign-up is required to download them: [https://lukaszadam.com/illustrations/nutrition-icons](https://lukaszadam.com/illustrations/nutrition-icons).",Free Nutrition Icons (Open Source)
94,r2kvvy,nutrition,"https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30761542/

https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27719509/

Any thoughts?",Heavy metal in chestnuts and root vegetables
95,r2kskt,nutrition,"Came across this on heavy metal and chestnuts. 
[pubmed article on heavy metal in chestnuts](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30761542/)

I have been feeding my 15 month old with chestnuts, sweet potatoes, potatoes, pumpkins, and fruits for their carbs… instead of multigrain breads all of time

There was also some heavy metal scare over commercial baby fruit juice…carrots/rice/sweet potato pre made baby foods…

I make my own baby foods and they don’t have juice ever…

But those root vegetables and that whole chestnuts study got me worried. 


Any thoughts?",Feeding babies and Avoiding heavy metal
96,r2jzz6,nutrition,"What if a diet that is otherwise high in micronutrients and fiber, includes moderate refined carb intakes? Would they be a poor dietary choice for health and longevity?",Are refined carbs only unhealthy in the context of a low-fiber diet?
97,r2hvum,nutrition,"Like frozen spinach, corn, carrot, ess",Does frozen vegetables have the same amount of nutrients as fresh vegetables?
98,r2bslz,nutrition,I know stevia has less sugar but I heard that it could be bad,Are dates healthier than maple syrup and stevia?
100,r2bjeu,nutrition,How does it compare to other flours in terms of GI and nutrition? Is it really “healthier” than whole wheat/alternative flours? How does the digestability change?,"Oat Flour, differences?"
101,r28ey2,nutrition,"I’m looking for a reputable site to find studies. I keep getting into arguments with people, and little to back up my argument besides “well my textbook says” lol",Where do y’all find your nutritional studies?
102,r25u0i,nutrition," 

**Acid Rain and the pH Scale**

The pH scale measures how acidic an object is. Objects that are not very acidic are called basic. The scale has values ranging from zero (the most acidic) to 14 (the most basic). As you can see from the pH scale above, pure water has a pH value of 7. This value is considered neutral—neither acidic or basic. Normal, clean rain has a pH value of between 5.0 and 5.5, which is slightly acidic. However, when rain combines with sulfur dioxide or nitrogen oxides—produced from power plants and automobiles—the rain becomes much more acidic. Typical acid rain has a pH value of 4.0. A decrease in pH values from 5.0 to 4.0 means that the acidity is 10 times greater.

**How pH is Measured**

There are many high-tech devices that are used to measure pH in laboratories. One easy way that you can measure pH is with a strip of [litmus paper](https://www3.epa.gov/acidrain/education/site_students/glossary.html#lit). When you touch a strip of litmus paper to something, the paper changes color depending on whether the substance is acidic or basic. If the paper turns red, the substance is acidic, and if it turns blue, the substance is basic.

Information courtesy of [U.S. Environmental Protection Agency](https://www3.epa.gov/acidrain/education/site_students/phscale.html)",On Drinking DISTILLED WATER- Acid Rain and the pH Scale
103,r23x4g,nutrition,"Assuming this is the only added sugar consumed that day and the rest of the day is filled with whole foods, is something like a cookie, pastry, scone, or cinnamon roll still too much sugar too frequently?",Is having dessert/a sweet once a day excessive?
104,r1z5bz,nutrition,"Spinach's calcium isn't well absorbed due to its oxalate content, but if it were paired with food like kale, would it interfere with the body's absorption of kale's calcium?",Would eating spinach interfere with calcium absorption from other sources?
105,r1qwuh,nutrition,"What’s the cheapest and most effective way to make sure your body gets everything it *needs* with only a small meal? Repeated daily so that ingredients can be bought in bulk. 

My current plan is rice cooked in chicken broth, veggies and an egg. 

I posted this in another sub and didn’t get much serious response so I’m reposting here. One person did suggest beans, which makes sense but they are more expensive than rice for the carbs - but maybe not if caloric density is factored in?? Thoughts on this or completely different direction anyone would suggest?",If you could only eat one cheap meal a day what would be in it?
106,r1lb0f,nutrition,"I need a cup of black coffee every morning. My friend says that coffee hurts their stomach so they drink Monster drinks. The label claims 58 grams of sugar. That's a LOT to my mind. 
Is Monster even healthy? If not, can you wonderful geniuses recommend something else besides coffee and Monster drinks to get them going in the morning? TIA.
(And I know ideally we should open out eyes and be ready to do marvelous things without stimulants.)",Those Monster drinks
107,r1k5r7,nutrition,Bought some bok Choy today. Ideas on what to do with it?,What to do with bok choy
108,r1iruy,nutrition,"So i have a coursework due tomorrow to present a holistic nutritional intervention on a chosen demography. 
Any ideas...",Save me someone
109,r1iocj,nutrition,Soooo... Let's say you eat a hefty meal before lifting.  You finish a workout in 1 hr.  Surely that hefty pre workout meal hasn't been digested completely.  Does that mean it then becomes your post-workout nutrients as in food for muscle recovery and such?  Help ya boi out.,Preworkout for muscle recovery
110,r1iimo,nutrition,"The Nutrition label says there are 16.9 g of Total Carbohydrates of which it's 3.4 g Fiber and 5.1 g sugar(8.5 g total). Where is the remaining 8.4 g of carbohydrates to reach the listed total? What type of  Carb is it?

I just used a random nutrition label for this question(in this case that of a banana I just googled).",Carbohydrate Composition
111,r1gu33,nutrition,How does the body break this down and how long does it stay in your body?,Phosphatidylethanol
112,r1glui,nutrition,"Im going to take an MRT test in a week, does supplements and vitamins impact test results? thank you!",MRT test - advice
113,r1fvhy,nutrition,"Googling answers say that adults should have no more than 30g of sugars a day. I'm not too sure whether that's added (I'm guessing) or included with fruits and other stuff. Meanwhile carbohydrate intake is about 300g a day but doesnt that mean around 300g of sugar with it? Which going by that logic would be ridiculous. I know I went wrong somewhere so if you could help by explaining it would be much appreciated.

Also: labels on foods which say sugar amount...what do those exactly mean? Which sugar is it talking about?

Thanks",If carbs are mostly made of sugar?
114,r1avm1,nutrition,"I'm just wondering if someone can explain this study because as a noob the graph doesn't really make sense as it just seems there is not enough variance in it, It just seems weird one side of the study nearly replicates the other its as if they were selected to suit?, but if you mixed up say half of the 644 and put them in with the 445, I'm thinking the graph would be totally different hence why I'm asking is the study set up in a flawed way? like did they pick and choose, or was it random mixture of people if that makes sense? 

[https://imgur.com/iNzT7M4](https://imgur.com/iNzT7M4)

[https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2015/11/151119143445.htm](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2015/11/151119143445.htm)",can someone explain this study and graph?
115,r1atd6,nutrition,"I'm new here so sorry if this was already posted. I did the macro calculator on different sites and the numbers (total calories, fat, protein, carbs) What are the more accurate ones, what do you guys do?",Macro calculator help
116,r1ajgw,nutrition,"I just got to thinking about nice-smelling things which led me to thinking about moss and earthy smells, which in turn made me think about earthy *tastes* (like dandelion tea, for example).

So that just made me wonder: What are some earthy or ""green"" tasting foods? I know mushrooms and beets are fairly earthy, but apart from that and dandelion tea *(in my own experience)* tasting ""green"", I can't put my finger on what else tastes very earthy.

I just like earthy-tasting things and sort of want to compile a small grocery shopping list around the flavor.",Earthy-tasting foods?
117,r1agqy,nutrition,"like flaxseed or chia seeds

both come grounded or whole 

&amp;#x200B;

which one is better?

&amp;#x200B;

I think if you use the package right away - grounded 

&amp;#x200B;

but if you plan to store them for a while - better to have them whole - and ground them your self - or chew them very well ... but more work 

&amp;#x200B;

what do you think?",ground vs whole seeds?
118,r1271l,nutrition,"   If someone was to eat from non-microwavable safe dishes every day for years what would happen, and can this affect development in children?",Plastics in food.
120,r0xvye,nutrition," How effective is vacuum sealing really?  I mean those household vacuum sealers   Does it really retain freshness? Does it retain nutrients? I'm vegan so I don't need it for meats primarily for cooked meals. 

 I primarily want to vacuum seal cooked meals like curries and stews. If I keep a vacuum sealed meal in fridge (or freezer) for weeks (or months) is it really much more effective and keeping taste, freshness and nutritional value?

It there any scientific studies on this?",How effective is vacuum sealing really?
121,r0vxiq,nutrition,"Just curious because I am taking a supplement that has 80mcg of K2 in the form of MK7. I also am eating a lot more greens and taking a greens supplement that has 107% of the daily vitamin K RDA.

I do not want to overdo it on anything. Thanks in advance.",How much vitamin K1 is converted into K2? Is there an accurate estimate?
122,r0uh4p,nutrition,"Hi there, 

I would love it to the real, but when something seems too good to be true, it probably is!

I searched on Google and found (old) reviews from Engadget and BBC that kinda gave me some hope. But even after 7 years this device is not mainstream... I know the reason, but I would like to hear more from you people.

https://www.bbc.com/news/technology-30681002

Thanks",Has Healbe Gobe (automatic calorie counrer) being debunked yet?
123,r0spgf,nutrition,"Asking this question on behalf of my friend - he drank 2 zero sugar vitamin waters today - will this cause any healthy problems, like an over consumption of vitamins? 

He just wanted me to ask since he doesn’t have Reddit and he was worried about it. On the bottle it doesn’t say drink only one a day so he wasn’t sure.

Thanks!",Vitamin Water Question
124,r0rayp,nutrition,"I’m a pretty big fan of coach Greg and I noticed his cool book is on sale for $45! It’s his anabolic cookbook 2.0, but I’m not a bodybuilder I actually train as a strongman. Are these recipes going to be a bunch of low calorie “healthy” recipes. Or will I be able to get my calories in with these recipes?",Coach Greg’s cook book for a strongman?
125,r0r6t9,nutrition,"Since I think it can be agreed upon that MOST ultra-processed foods are not very beneficial to us as humans (despite the hedonistic aspects some might associate them with). I would like to know what is the scariest/most ridiculous/unbelievable fact you know about these “foods”. 

Some of mine include:


“According to FDA, peanut butter consists of 30 or more insect fragments per 100g and one or more rodent hairs per 100g. With these numbers, it means that an 18-ounce peanut jar has around 510g, meaning that each jar has approximately 150 and above insect fragments and five rodent hairs.”


“Gelatin, the ingredient that makes Jello jiggle, is derived from collagen, which is often collected from animal skins. The gelatin in desserts, for example, comes from pig skin.”


“It takes approximately 10,000 pounds of potatoes to make just 2,500 pounds of potato chips.”


What are yours?",What’s the scariest ultra-processed food fact you know?
126,r0q1f8,nutrition,"I ordered some black seed oil on line. It came with the seal broken and tasted terrible. I was worried so I threw it out. I ordered the seeds from The Spice Way and put them in a seed grinder. I grind one teaspoon onto yogurt or honey. IMO it tastes terrible plain. 

Does anyone have an informed opinion based on research as to what the best form is? 

Is it supposed to taste terrible? Do the capsules cost much more? How much do you take? 

Are some company black oils better than others? I can see adulterated product being made, especially from foreign sources.",What is the best form of black seed oil nigella sativa cumin to take? Brand names?
127,r0pe6d,nutrition,I know vitamins are good,Nutritions good for acne
128,r0niok,nutrition,"Pasta is said to be unhealthy but the nutrition facts really are not that bad at all. Whole grain pasta for example has a lot of fiber and nutrients and no sodium or fat and it even has less carbs per serving than regular pasta. Regular pasta is similar except less fiber and more carbs but it's still not that bad. Even its glycemic index is surprisingly low. Which makes me think it's not pasta that's unhealthy but rather the crap people usually drench it in that makes it unhealthy: salty sauces, fatty meats and fatty cheeses",Is pasta itself actually unhealthy?
129,r0llwj,nutrition,"- If sugar turns to fat - bad (not sure why but that's almost common knowledge)
- If regardless of how much cake you have you don't let yourself get fat, does sugar still affect the system in a bad way?

(Leave the issue with teeth aside)",Is eating cake daily bad if you don't let yourself become fat?
130,r0il12,nutrition,"Theoretically the plant is the same, one is dryed and grinded, the other is whole but both presumably have the same nutrients except for water.

For example, whole ginger vs ginger powder in tea.

Does it make a difference then if the whole ginger or the grounded ginger in powder form would be consumed? Or is there no difference? (provided that the ginger is consumed in both examples, not just the tea water)",Does it make a difference to eat food powder vs the whole food?
131,r0exsu,nutrition,"So, we know that the insulin index for lean meats are high, such as in a chickne breast. If we were to eat the chicken breast with more fat, such as adding 2 tablespoons of olive oil or 20 grams of butter, would that decrease the insulin spike?",Insulin Spike Question
132,r0e5wd,nutrition," 

Hi,

So before I start, I understand that alcohol is not to be leaned on heavily to help create a calorie surplus. I understand its detrimental effects for weight gain and overall health if used excessively. I understand that when you consume alcohol, the body stops/slows protein synthesis and around 75% of carb/fat oxidation to prioritize metabolizing and excreting alcohol (treating it as a toxin).

My question is: If I were to have 2 or 3 beers, should I count those beer calories in myfitnesspal? If my calorie surplus goal at the moment is 2700-2800, and if I am at around 2650 or so for the day before I sit down to have two or three miller lites (96 calories each), should those two or three miller lite calories be counted toward my surplus goal?  Im not asking if its OK to have beer, but should the calories themselves be counted toward my surplus goals?

Im finding that all of this is very nuanced :) All literature that I read explains potential health benefits from a drink or two each night, or what alcohol really does, or how to calculate its calories. I get that... but they are empty calories. You can apply them as carbs or fats with a simple equation, but is that accurate? I look at it as...if my body has 250 carbs to run through for energy and I add in another 50 carbs from...anything, i now have 300 carbs. If my body has 250 carbs to run through for energy and two beers, It has that to go through those two beers first until it gets to the 250 carbs...all the same in the end, right?

tldr; its Thanksgiving in a few days :).  I know its OK to ""cheat"" every so often, moderation wont hurt yadda yadda. But I want to be accurate with the calorie counting. i know a few beers doesnt hurt, but I want to be accurate.  Im a numbers guy :)",Calorie Surplies/Bulk: Count Alcohol calories or not?
133,r0drrj,nutrition,"Glucose, sugar, natural cane sugar, table condiment, carbohydrate, what's the difference? Is sugar collectively known as just sugar, or is there individual properties depending on which kind of sugar you're referring to?

&amp;#x200B;

I grew up with the mindset that all sugar is the same, but for some reason, I'm having doubts of it from all the crap I read on the internet.

&amp;#x200B;

I've had this issue reading drinks for a long while, now, we all know soda is hilariously unhealthy, and no one in their right mind would claim that something like a Coca Cola benefits your health, but I'm referring mostly to sugar in juices and other that don't have added sugars, but have a ""total sugars""

&amp;#x200B;

There's 44g of sugar in can of cola, and 40g of sugar in a Welch's grape juice. Are they similar?

I didn't find a definite answer from my searches, topics claiming that glucose and processed sugar is the same, (are they??), or that natural cane sugar is better for you than simple sugars, but I just want to know if I can regularly consume juices, and not overdose on sugar.",Confusion with the terms and names of Sugar
134,r0andd,nutrition,"i am trying to stick to the deficit and noticed the only way to make seasoning stick is when i add butter or olive oil.
 wihtout seasoning it taste like cardboard. any tips to add flavour to air poped pocorn without the extra calories?",ideas to make seasoing stick to air poped corn without fats
135,r04dg0,nutrition,"Which brands do you all think are at the top?

Thanks",Best vitamin brands
136,r03wpt,nutrition,Tryna help you get big 💪🏽,"If you buy stuff from myprotein, use referral code ADAM-R1BS3 for discounted prices and free next day delivery 🔌"
137,r03tw1,nutrition,"Recently tried veggie chips and straws, found it they aren't that much healthier than regular chips. What can I get that's a good tasty snack and will be healthy?",Healthy snacks like chips?
138,r03cp2,nutrition,"If I blend my vegetables, dehydrate and process them into powder,would there be any side effects if it is my source of vegetables consumption daily even if the amount of nutrition suffices?",Powdered Vegetables
139,qzzuz0,nutrition,"I have found different answers on the internet. But many sites are full of spam automatic answers these days. 

Thank you guys",Can you take vitamin C with milk?
140,qzzt5s,nutrition,"I’m young and want to practice self discipline and what better way than with one sweet every sunday (zebra cakes, oatmeal cookies, honey buns etc). Would this be bad for my health?",Would eating sweets once a week have any negatives?
141,qzyttk,nutrition,"I was wondering if there has been research done as to how much something that generally ""tastes good"" costs ?

I would love to see some rating system for how tasty something is compared to it's price. This could be used to get the most flavor for your buck when shopping for healthy foods / creating recipes",Flavor to cost ratio
142,qzxvdb,nutrition,Example: [https://lifewaykefir.com/products/organic-plain-whole-milk-kefir/](https://lifewaykefir.com/products/organic-plain-whole-milk-kefir/),Bacteria ferment the carbohydrate (lactose) in milk to produce kefir — so why are the macros on kefir nutrition labels the same as regular milk? Shouldn't the carbohydrates be lower?
143,qzu0lp,nutrition,"Is there someone here who has studied in these online universities, who can give us a useful insight into the subject.",NASM and ISSA certificates
144,qzt8wr,nutrition,"If I were on a diet of mostly fruits and vegetables and blended everything into a smoothie with water as opposed to chewing everything, would there be any real health difference?",Eating with a fork vs. straw..
145,qzrucx,nutrition,What way would you recommend to cook beef stir fry to keep it tender?,Beef Stir Fry Cooking Techniques
146,qzreep,nutrition,"Had to repost this due to the bots and rule 5 etc... (no personal situations) so I won't make this one personal.... 

So the question is, *what is the most simple minimalistic diet one can live off and still be healthy?*",What is the most simple minimalistic diet one can live off and be healthy?
147,qzqm3j,nutrition,"I am a junk food addict. I have tried every diet under the sun. I am also an all or nothing kind of person, and the only thing i havent tried is going extrememely minimalistic and basically eating the same foods every day. 

What are the most minimalistic foods/meals that one could *potentially* eat day in day out and live healthy?",What is the most minimalistic diet a person can live off and remain completely fit and healthy?
148,qzpepg,nutrition,My understanding is that macros are a big part of that but I'm a newbie.,How does one create a calorie deficit that cuts fat but maintains muscle?
149,qzoqam,nutrition,Runners and Olympians are now drinking them because they aren’t dehydrating and they are a source of quick carbs. They don’t have the negatives of alcohol and have b vitamins and there are now even tasty ipa varieties. How healthy are they? If I have a real beer late in the day it wrecks my REM sleep and elevates my heart-rate. I’ll usually drink a nonalcoholic after a run or before bed with a movie. Sometimes I have one alcoholic beverage and then a nonalcoholic one. The old way of making beers nonalcoholic was boiling away the alcohol but now there are new fermenting methods,Any studies on nonalcoholic beers and health?
150,qzlui7,nutrition,Does mixing an energy drink with a 20 oz bottle of water take away from the hydration benefits of the bottle of water?,Energy Drink Dilution?
151,qzj7u0,nutrition,"So this is basically a post where I'm asking for some scientific evidence that refutes this potential myth. Is their a high quality research out there for this particular topic, also does a high amount(~150g) distributed throughout the day seems like a good choice as it's very cheap and is an abundant source of protein?",Soya chunks cause male feminization
152,qzfrxz,nutrition,"Hi guys.  
I love cooking, for my health and to have a lesser impact on this world, and so I'm always trying to bake and cook my own food and today I was wondering what are the pros and cons, from a health and nutritional point of view, of leavened bread and unleavened bread considering that both have the same ingredients and amount of ingredients (except for the yeast of course): water, flour, few salt.  
And last but not least: baking classic leavened bread without beer yeast but with mother yeast does increase the pros and/or cons of the classic bread compared to the unleavened bread?  
Thank you!",Is it better the leavened bread (classic bread) or the unleavened bread (for example chapati)? Pros and cons?
153,qze4ij,nutrition,Mangos apples bananas ect.,Is it bad to get 75% daily calories from fruits?
155,qzakbt,nutrition,"This might be the wrong area, it's a protein question. Several years ago, I got in shape. Lifted and exercised several times a week. I would eat 1 gram of protein per pound of body weight (roughly 190) every day. It worked. However, there were several things I didn't like. 

\-Had to supplement with some protein shakes. Lots of artificial ingredients. 

\-Lots of canned tuna. Mercury levels. 

\-I just hated eating that much protein everyday, trying to add meat to everything, it didn't seem sustainable. 

So my questions are....

1. Is it true that you need to eat 1 gram of protein per pound of body weight to add muscle/muscle synthesis? 
2. Alternatives, ideas, tips, tricks to try and get enough protein intake while having a somewhat ""normal"" diet?",Protein questions?
156,qz9wk6,nutrition,They say the average person but is it average as in a 5'9 150 lbs man? I need to know the difference as It would wildly change for someone small like a 4'9 90lb woman or in my case a 6'3 200lb man for me 2000 a day I lose 2 -3lbs a week,Who is the 2000kcal a day based off of
157,qz972t,nutrition,"I've seen a Video from a Ph.D. nutritionist on how to inhibit Aspirin side effects, so now I'm wondering how can we inhibit Prednisone side effects",How to inhibit Prednisone side effects?
158,qz8xkv,nutrition,"Anyone knows the conversion rate of k1 to k2 and Beta-carotene to Retinol? I know our body can convert them, but how effective?",About k1/k2 | Beta-Carotene/Retinol (Vitamin A)
159,qz5xdg,nutrition,"Had this question for sometime now.

Does eating fried chicken (skin peeled off completely, and heavily dabbed with tissues to get rid of any oil) the same as eating normal unfried chicken? Or more importantly, is it unhealthy/healthy?

Thanks! :)","Is fried chicken (Skin peeled off, heavily dabbed with a tissues) a good source of protein?"
160,qz4y0i,nutrition,"Hi redditors,

Like the title says, im wondering how bodybuilders switch foods/meals without changing their macros.

I tried looking it up on google, but there seems to be no information about it.",How to switch foods without changing macros?
161,qz4cns,nutrition,Does your body make vitamin C etc. when on this diet?,Carnivore diet opinions?
162,qz3580,nutrition,"I just tried a Jersey Sweet Potato and it was amazing!!! I am wondering, however, if it has the same number of calories per 100g as other sweet potatoes? As I can find little nutrition info on them.",Do different varieties of sweet potatoes have pretty similar calories?
163,qz24pa,nutrition,"Here are the ingredients of the porridge, skipping the cooking instructions

1/2 cup rolled oats with 2/3 water
1/2 cup almond milk
1 tbsp of pumpkin seeds
Pinch ground ginger, nutmeg and cinnamon
1 tbsp flax seeds
1 tsp black chia seeds
1 tbsp almond butter
1/2 banana
1/2 tsp vanilla extract
Berries and different fruits for serving

I’m mostly concerned about the variety of nutrients I’m getting from it and I’d like to know if this does the job well for me to repeat it every morning, or if I should switch it up sometimes. I can post the full recipe for those interested

Thank",Is it okay to eat this seedy porridge every morning?
164,qz0qj9,nutrition,"How can I see macros per meal instead of per day in Fitness Pal? 

I'm using the free account and not premium and it seems like I only see the nutrient and macro breakdown by day (not by meal).

Thank you.",Fitness Pal Users - Is there a way to see macros per meal?
165,qyybn7,nutrition,"Things like Chicken, bone broth, grass fed beef, liver etc. Not fish/eggs/any other animal products",Is eating small amounts of meat beneficial for anti aging?
166,qyx80n,nutrition,"Assuming that the reason most people have issues with dairy is the lactose, wouldn’t buying lactose free yogurt be more beneficial than plant based yogurt?",Lactose free vs. Plant based yogurt
167,qytrzp,nutrition,I know having a healthy diet consisting Eating lots of vegetables and fruits and proteins  and Limiting highly and ultra-processed foods and some minerals is healthy i recantly read tthis article](http://sites.google.com/view/healthydiet123/home) saying we have to consume 1000mg of different minerals,Is this article on benefits of mineral accurate?
168,qyr1nk,nutrition,"I know it's probably asked before and answer is often that we should eat diverse group of food all the time, but even then it's possible that maybe we might not get adequately get everything we need in a perfect amount.

A daily diet that has all Nutrients like all vitamins, macro and trace minerals, Amino acids(essential and non-essential), Fatty Acids, Polyphenols, Phytonutrients/Phytochemicals, and about everything that I may have missed and also coupled with supplements that may provide health and cognitive benefits and might not be sufficiently provided by diet like Creatine, L-arginine, Ashwagandha, Choline, and etc.

Has anyone even tried to have a diet like this before in the past where they tried to consume every kind of nutrient that humans can digest and utilise? And that too in perfect amount not too much of one thing just to get adequate amount of other. I know this is really impossible to really to make a perfect diet with measuring every nutrients amount and have everything in perfect balance but what if someone hypothetically does this and consume every nutrient in perfect amount on daily basis, what would be more benefits they would notice instead if just eating different food group and just tried to eat healthy but without much planning?",A diet consisting of everything humans would ever need?
169,qyo8ek,nutrition,"I am not sure if this is the right sub to ask this in, so apologies if it is. I buy containers of types of mozzarella (burrata for example) suspended in water from the store. Recently, I noticed that when you take off the lid, the plastic coating underneath that you remove before being able to get at the cheese now says ""Eat within 1-2 days after opening"", something I don't remember seeing in the past. Can anyone explain why this is, when it says on the container best by X date far in the future? Is it purely a quality thing, or is it that once it's exposed to air, there's a chance of bacteria growing and so you have to eat it right away?",Question about types of mozzarella stored in water
170,qykm6t,nutrition,"I'm at a place once a week where the least objectionable options are chicken fingers (6) or 10"" cheese pizza.

I know they're both unhealthy, but which one is marginally better?",Which unhealthy food is more healthy?
171,qyie38,nutrition,"I had some vitamin water zero sugar only to find out while browsing this sub it probably has artificial sweeteners.

I swear everything that tastes terrible is good for you while everything tasting good is bad for you.",Is anything packaged just garbage?
172,qybxvt,nutrition,"I often see online people say that less salt / sodium is healthier. For example, [this Reddit post](https://www.reddit.com/r/Health/comments/qxhfq6/reducing_sodium_and_increasing_potassium_may/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share). However, I just watched [this YouTube video](https://youtu.be/amJ-ev8Ial8) claiming that less salt / sodium is actually significantly more harmful than the harms from too much salt / sodium. Unfortunately, the studies referenced by the YouTube video aren't provided in the video description, so I couldn't check if they actually support his claims. So I'm hoping a professional can verify whether or not this YouTube video is accurate.",Is this YouTube video on the benefits of salt accurate?
173,qyb55a,nutrition,I've found this information very interesting and helpful and wanted to share it here. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DlI6DMZxgBY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DlI6DMZxgBY),Nutrition and studies
174,qya13f,nutrition,I have been looking for a book on dieting that might motivate me to eat better. Looking for suggestions!,Are there any books on nutrition that really inspired you / changed your life?
175,qxupov,nutrition,"I just bought a tub of Premier Protein powder from Target, and my buddy told me that a sweetener in it is related to brain damage. Is it true, and should I be concerned?","Hey guys, does the sweetener Ace-K actually have a relationship with brain damage?"
176,qxtb42,nutrition,"I’ve been in the gym &amp; fitness seriously for about a year. I’ve been eating 200 calories above maintenance and trying to get strength and some size to myself. I know this isn’t a serious bulk but I’ve gained some good size over the past few months. I also play a sport, which requires me to be fast, is there anything I can do after my workouts to help me get faster?  &amp; possibly do strengthen your abs help you get faster?",Heath &amp; Fitness Question
177,qxrgmn,nutrition,"I first noticed it when I inputted it in cronometer. 0% of every vitamin. The only thing it provided was 135 calories (for the whole bag), some fiber and potassium and trace amounts of a couple other minerals, sodium.. and no vitamins. I checked on the bag, and no vitamins were listed either. Were most of the nutrients somehow stripped out or did they omit the full nutritional data? Also, as for the exact item, the brand is Bird's Eye and it was called shredded carrots and broccoli florets.","Are frozen vegetables less nutrient dense than fresh? I noticed that, at least on the bags, it lists no vitamins or anything else which all fresh vegetables would have"
178,qxqzxj,nutrition,"Hi, so lets say the 1st month you consumed 24k calories from processed food and sweets, what % should i cut off next month?",What is the recommended gradual cut out of procced food?
179,qxpdye,nutrition,People say that margerine is toxic and makes your body inflamed and increases ldl I know they took transfat out so i don't know if it's fine to eat besides calorie increase.,Is margerine realy toxic?
180,qxorei,nutrition,"Im curious what prevents companies from skewing these results? As an example, if I was GM determining lucky charms' sugar content, why would I use a realistic amount of marshmallows as the consumer would be eating. Why should we be trustworthy of these corporations given their dishonest and manipulative track record?",How is the accuracy of nutrition labels enforced?
181,qxmesb,nutrition,"If you are a middle working (or busy) mum in their late 30's / early 40's, what is your main criteria that will ultimately help you make the best decision on which nutritionist to work with?

Would you prioritise the services of a ""Nutritionist who specialises in weight loss for busy mums in their 40's"" as a priority over another more generalised nutritionist?

I'd love to hear what your primary criteria would be, and whether finding a specialist like this would influence your final decision. Thank you!",What is the most important factor for you to consider before working with a nutritionist?
182,qxl2nv,nutrition,What cooking method allows the most nutrients to be preserved/absorbed from food?,What cooking method allows the most nutrients to be preserved/absorbed from food?
183,qxk9td,nutrition,"I have been trying to significantly cut back on my saturated fats, sugar (added *or* natural), and carbs in general, but nearly completely on refined carbs. I came across erythritol. I did my digging and evidently it has zero effect in regards to spiking blood sugar/insulin response, it's extremely low calorie, and even as far as sugar alcohols go, it's the most kind to your stomach. I never intend to eat copious amounts of the stuff, but is my understanding of this correct? Is this basically just free sweet!?",Erythritol-is it really just free sugar?!
184,qxjyj9,nutrition,"Which has more Vitamin C, the pulp or the skin?",Is it safe to eat guava skin?
185,qxia91,nutrition,"I don't mean just drinking the juice of the fruit, I mean actually putting the whole thing in a blender with a little bit of water and drink the results",Is eating and drinking a fruit the same thing nutrition wise?
186,qxhyag,nutrition,"Let’s say you were stranded on a tiny barren island without any food or water sources. The only thing you can find is a pirate’s enormous hidden stash of rum. The rum would definitely provide enough calories for you to live of it quite some time. But I’m sure the alcohol would dehydrate you more than the water it contains could make up for and you‘d die of thirst after a few days.

But now lets say the stash contains wine instead of rum. Or even better, beer. Would wine contain enough water to offset the dehydration from the alcohol? Would beer?

And if so, how long would you be able to survive off wine/beer alone, before dying from malnutrition?",At what percentage of alcohol does an alcoholic beverage start to remove more water from your body than it adds?
188,qxgo8d,nutrition,"I'm after a list of essential foods that cover all the nutritional needs of an adult.

In other words, what are the key foods one needs to be eating regularly in their diet to get ALL their essential vitamins and minerals met.",What does a diet covering all nutritional needs consist of?
189,qxg7wi,nutrition,"Is there something like this out there? Everyone's bodies different and there are conflicting results, but just wondering if there's a database showing pairings of food we normally consume with their ideal pairings for bioavailability.",Website or database with nutrient pairings
190,qxfzbu,nutrition,"I hear people trying to cut out bread from their diet. I understand if the person is cutting down on gluten of course. But some people are talking about bread like its the devil sometimes, and I've been wondering if they have only seen white bread in their life.

 Brown bread with seeds, nuts and less grains is superb before and after workout and for a solid breakfast that keeps a person full so you  don't crave anything else befor next meal. 

Could you essentially bake like 6 different type of ""bread"" with different nutrients to fill your needs? 
And I keep wondering.. what bread do you think your country consumes most. White or brown?",Bread can be so much
191,qxdk5e,nutrition,"[https://reliableretailz.myshopify.com/](https://reliableretailz.myshopify.com/)

Help a Business Out. :)",Website for High Quality Products
193,qxas3u,nutrition,"I was just curious if drinking these substitutes instead of the full sugar sodas better? Or are the benefits minute?

For example I enjoy Canada Dry zero sugar at least once a day how bad is this for my health?

(Apologies if this isn’t the right sub to post in)",Zero Sugar and Diet Sodas
194,qx4957,nutrition,Does anyone have any tips on good sources of healthy fats that are also low in omega 6/high in omega 3 other than fish? Would grass fed beef tallow be one of those items?,Increasing fat intake while staying low omega 6? 🤔
195,qx2t0n,nutrition,How efficient is the digestive system in absorbing nutrients from food?,How efficient is the digestive system in absorbing nutrients from food?
197,qx0ve6,nutrition,"28 year old male.

Monday to Friday:

\- Breakfast: Big bowl of oats, half cup mixed berries, oat milk, protein shake, cup of coffee.

\- Lunch: Chicken with x 2 vegetable (usually carrot and/or broccoli) and potato/rice. Smoothie (mixed fruit-veg +/- protein).

\- Dinner: lentil-chickpea sweet potato and spinach curry,Usually a litle chocolate.

\- Evening: +/- protein shake (esp. if training that day).

Otherwise:

* \&gt; 2 Litres water per day.
* Take an omega 3 and Vitamin D supplement.

Goals

\- Progress my career.

\- Train jiu-jitsu.

\- Live long.",Please rate My Diet!
198,qwz56u,nutrition,"Was looking at this bagel cracker-like snack on Amazon and noticed that 6 pieces is only 25 calories?

I'm really skeptic of that claim, could the nutrition label be incorrect? Seems too good to be true.

Thoughts? Thanks!

[https://www.amazon.ca/Vita-Sana-Taralli-Olive-Grams/dp/B07VGGYDNW/ref=pd\_bxgy\_img\_1/136-0033690-0837155?pd\_rd\_w=0HZlC&amp;pf\_rd\_p=8c482a45-7c0f-409b-937c-741a67b11a67&amp;pf\_rd\_r=TTNKDPRCQCRC7YW811E3&amp;pd\_rd\_r=f7e3ed71-d9c9-463b-a486-eda0a0ea3ccc&amp;pd\_rd\_wg=smFyg&amp;pd\_rd\_i=B07VGGYDNW&amp;psc=1](https://www.amazon.ca/Vita-Sana-Taralli-Olive-Grams/dp/B07VGGYDNW/ref=pd_bxgy_img_1/136-0033690-0837155?pd_rd_w=0HZlC&amp;pf_rd_p=8c482a45-7c0f-409b-937c-741a67b11a67&amp;pf_rd_r=TTNKDPRCQCRC7YW811E3&amp;pd_rd_r=f7e3ed71-d9c9-463b-a486-eda0a0ea3ccc&amp;pd_rd_wg=smFyg&amp;pd_rd_i=B07VGGYDNW&amp;psc=1)",Inaccurate calorie count on nutrition labels?
200,qwypxf,nutrition,"I know they are different parts of a plant. But for example, I have no veggies at home today but I have some avocados, manderins and banana and will eat that plus some meat. Or do I need some actual veggies? 
Growing up, in my culture, veggies are for dinner and fruit are for dessert/snack so they've never been part of a real meal in my eyes. But sometimes I just hate cooking veggies, my husband is super picky about veggies but likes all kinds of fruits.",Are fruits and veggies the same nutrition wise?
201,qwxq8x,nutrition,Is this possible?,Can consuming too much sugar cause fat gain in a calorie deficit? Thanks.
204,qwtvyc,nutrition,Even if they don't contain any additives and / or are labelled organic ?,Are dairy products such as greek yogurt or even milk considered processed food ?
205,qwrvq3,nutrition,"[There's this study that estimates the requirements of Vitamin E based on a ratio of E and PUFA intake](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4594047/).

Abstract:
&gt; Vitamin E (α-tocopherol) is recognised as a key essential lipophilic antioxidant in humans protecting lipoproteins, PUFA, cellular and intra-cellular membranes from damage. The aim of this review was to evaluate the relevant published data about vitamin E requirements in relation to dietary PUFA intake. Evidence in animals and humans indicates a minimal basal requirement of 4–5 mg/d of RRR-α-tocopherol when the diet is very low in PUFA. The vitamin E requirement will increase with an increase in PUFA consumption and with the degree of unsaturation of the PUFA in the diet. The vitamin E requirement related to dietary linoleic acid, which is globally the major dietary PUFA in humans, was calculated to be 0·4–0·6 mg of RRR-α-tocopherol/g of linoleic acid. Animal studies show that for fatty acids with a higher degree of unsaturation, the vitamin E requirement increases almost linearly with the degree of unsaturation of the PUFA in the relative ratios of 0·3, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 for mono-, di-, tri-, tetra-, penta- and hexaenoic fatty acids, respectively. Assuming a typical intake of dietary PUFA, a vitamin E requirement ranging from 12 to 20 mg of RRR-α-tocopherol/d can be calculated. A number of guidelines recommend to increase PUFA intake as they have well-established health benefits. It will be prudent to assure an adequate vitamin E intake to match the increased PUFA intake, especially as vitamin E intake is already below recommendations in many populations worldwide.

&gt; The Institute of Medicine (IoM), as well as other agencies that provide dietary intake recommendations – for example, the DACH-countries (Germany, Austria, Switzerland) – appreciate the role of vitamin E in protecting PUFA from being oxidised

Do you think Vitamin E counters the adverse effects of a low omega 3 to 6 ratio? This could be important given how rare the former and how abundant the latter are.",Does Vitamin E counter the adverse effects of a low omega 3 to 6 ratio? Vitamin E function and requirements in relation to PUFA
206,qwnwt9,nutrition,"the bones in particular are those of chickens, turkeys, tilapias and croakers

when I'm done with the meat I break into the bones to eat the marrow, ligaments and soft bone matter mainly because I find them tasty but i want to know whether doing this is good or i am just hurting myself in the process","Bone matter, good or bad"
207,qwmd40,nutrition,"Just to clarify, I still love water, I still drink a lot of water but I love the taste of tonic on it's own or with a bit of lime squeezed in.

I never touch normal, sugary tonic, or any sugary drinks for that matter, only diet which has no sugars and says about 4 calories per 250ml.

I work from my PC at home 9-5, the usual stretch. Would this be absolutely fine to guzzle down through the day and also would it be similar to drinking water for hydration?",Am I pretty much fine drinking diet tonic water instead of water during my working day?
208,qwiao9,nutrition,"""According to the new study, stevia may disrupt communications between different bacteria in the gut microbiome. While the team found that stevia inhibited these pathways, it did not kill off the bacteria."" - Neuroscience News",What should we replace sugar with if it's bad for our microbiome?
209,qwb0lq,nutrition,"It seems obvious to me that people who go out of there way to purchase and consume nutritional yeast prefer to have naturally occurring B-vitamins over commonly available multivitamins. Why do most manufacturers ""fortify"" nutritional yeast with synthetic B vitamins? Many nutritionists believe the synthetic vitamins actually block the normal uptake of the naturally occurring ones, defeating the purpose.",Why is most nutritional yeast fortified?
210,qwa6gc,nutrition,"I have a poor diet, or at the very least wildly inconsistent one. That's not going to change super soon but I'm working on it. I understand that taking vitamins and such can be overkill for alot of people. But as long as it's not overkill in a dangerous way I don't mind the extra cash spent on these drinks. 

So besides the idea of it being overkill potentially, how effective are these drinks at actually proving what they say they provide? And if they're not actually that effective like vitamin water is notorious for can I get a reccomendation for an affordable alternative?",How healthy/effective are the no sugar Body Armor Lyte drinks?
211,qw9rds,nutrition,"I’m 32, 6’8, and 355lbs. I have been consuming around 250g of protein daily and eating around 2,200 to 2,400 calories also. Due to my size is that a proper amount of protein to be consuming?",Protein intake?
212,qw9acb,nutrition,"I'm working on a class project right now around sports medicine. We're thinking of ideas around a holistic platform where patients can access sports nutrition through a virtual platform.

Do you have any thoughts on what we are building based on our website? Please check it out and let me know any feedback. I would hugely appreciate it and if you think this could be useful, or what isn't useful!

[https://warriorhealth.io/](https://warriorhealth.io/)",New UC Berkeley Sports Nutrition Project - Seeking Feedback!
213,qw91we,nutrition,"**Just wanted to clarify that this may be a stupid question.**

So assuming that 1 kCal = 1000 calories, if someone was eating at a maintenance level of 2500 kCal of day, how does cardio assist weight loss when you’re usually burning less than a single kCal? 

Surely that would have minimal effect on any weight loss.

- ^also ^assuming ^you’re ^eating ^at ^maintenance ^so ^the ^cardio ^brings ^you ^to ^a ^calorie ^deficit.",kCal vs Calories
214,qw8969,nutrition,"Hi, I am specifically interested in monitoring dietary sugar, trans fat, vitamin D, and certainly my protein, carbs, overall fat. I tried My Fitness Pal and Cronometer and they both make you pay to track the more specific nutrients. Any iOS application recommendations would be helpful",Comprehensive free nutrient tracking app?
215,qw7rx7,nutrition,"Hi all. I see many comments / posts when reading around about the sodium levels in canned food. Specifically they seem to be referring to the need to put sodium in canned beans(not baked beans) / vegetables, for firmness from what I remember


I'm in the UK and eat a lot of canned pulses / beans like chickpea. Kidney etc.

Some of them have the sodium containing preservative in and some do not. The thing is, none of them have over say .2g salt in the whole can. 

So my question:

 Is the sodium these people are talking about not a mandate to include in the 'salt' measurement on the label in the UK 

or 

are they referring to canned beans in other countries?",UK Canned food and Sodium
216,qw6iwe,nutrition,"Would having fish 5-7 days a week be a problem if it’s low mercury? Such as salmon. Or is it best to limit it?

Are there any alternatives? Meat isn’t really an option.",Is fish really that bad for you in high amounts?
217,qw53v5,nutrition,"Title basically. I have a D3 pills that each have 50ug(2000IU) and take one daily. (Im 107kg/200cm, is that enough?)

Then I have some other pills that are omega 3 6 7 9, specific content of one pill is:
- 364mg omega 3
- 42mg omega 6
- 6mg omege 7
- 130mg omega 9
- 5 ug vitamin D


My confusion is that they are both marketed as ""fish oil""

Can I/should I take both?

Thanks!","I'm a little confused with the relation of vitamin D3 to omega 3 6 7 9, arent they all fish oil?"
218,qw10yi,nutrition,"Hey there,

I think it's quite safe to say:

* Fats, of all macro nutrients, have the highest energy density. Decent amounts will result in unreasonable amount of energy intake and potential weight gain
* Saturated fat rich foods are prone to increase LDL cholesterol
* Saturated fat rich foods increase the risk of cardio vascular issues, LDL cholesterol also does
* Fats that aren't liquid at body temperature, also MCT, somehow fall into a controversial area of the scientific discourse. If you want to be completely safe you better don't go overboard on those

*Therefore there's the wide-spread recommendation to replace saturated fats with kinds of unsaturated fats wherever possible.*

But oftentimes reality gets in the way and **replacement** is not not a simple option. How about **addition** tho?

**TLDR**: **""To which extend can we compensate for undesired health effects of 'bad fats' by ADDITION of 'good fats'?""**

It's really hard to find any satisfactory information on this issue and I think it's a very interesting question to ask.

I mean. If you look into high quality nut / seed / mixes of oils, all of them at least contain small amounts of saturated fats. Theres a lot of mumbling about ""the mixture / acid profile matters"". And there is even a lot of products marketed in a direction of ""so many percent of 3 / 6 / 9 MCT etc"". I guess most of this is marketing bla. The apparent thing here is: These products all claim it actually is a good thing that they also include ""lesser quality fats"". Is this caused by the fact that it's hard to manufacture products that are free of ""lesser quality fats"" - so it's actually white washing a production-necessity?

Let me also propose the following thought experiment: A bunch of healthy adults who work out several times a week are being fed on lasagna and salami pizza for lunch for several months. All nice and trashy. Half of them eat the meals as is. The other ones soak it in linen / walnut / whatever oil and supplement with Fish / Krill oil or oil; while still maintaining perfectly even energy balance, probably by saving on energy on other meals. In other words: Both groups keep their energy intake about even with their energy consumption; we don't want to care about effects of weight change. Let's also pretend this will not have terrible psychological effects, I'm still novice at designing human experiments.

How would these groups' blood vessels, their coronary arteries, their cholestorol and triglyceride blood work look like? Since we got a shitton of hormones that are synthesized from fats - how about these levels as well?

Does anyone have a read up on this? While this is ofc a giant exaggeration, what would you conclude from the findings in terms of dietary advice?

I think it's very clear that there is nothing like a ""perfectly nutritional guilt free greek platter with creamy desserts"". However - if having it once in a while - will swallowing a few capsules or meanwhile sipping more nice fats clear your conscience? Or at least assist clearing your arteries?

&amp;#x200B;

Very much looking forward for discussion and also some articles as reference!","About compensating ""bad fats"" with ""good fats"""
219,qvzr4n,nutrition,"Have you ever peeled and mashed a ripe persimmon? I love doing this and adding it to my sprouted grain toast with pistachio butter for breakfast. It is so sweet and nutritious, No added sugars, when it’s fully ripe you barely even need to mash it to get a gelatinous consistency.They’re high in manganese, vitamins a &amp; c, and fiber.  
Unfortunately they’re only in season during fall so get some before they’re gone for the year!",Persimmons are like natures jelly
220,qvzb95,nutrition,"For instance, if a person were to eat a potato or a banana, how fast would their blood potassium level increase? Also, it is possible to induce hyperkalemia from diet alone by eating too many high-potassium foods? Thanks!",How fast is potassium from food absorbed and reaches the blood?
221,qvvos3,nutrition,It's basically a documentary saying that they are acting as if we need a ton of vitamins when it takes very little to reach minimum vitamin requirment they had a plate of what I would consider 1 or 2 meals and said this is all you need to meet your requirements for vitamins and the supplement industry and fitness industry is billions of dollars profit. They're basically saying you just have to eat a little bit of healthy food to meet your needs. is this true? for example will eating 8 cups of vegetables be better for you than 3 cup or is eating 16 ozes of steak better than 6 oz to make optimum health. 120 grams protein better than 60? Would like to make this a long discussion,are claims in vitaminia true?
222,qvunal,nutrition,Would need to start actually cooking tastier food more.,"Are there people who consistently eat healthy 7 days a week? Isn't it hard whenever there's a social gathering like on the weekends, you're bound to restaurant food and don't want to be the oddball ordering the salad and such? Wanting to change my habit to not end up splurging on weekends."
223,qvszve,nutrition,I am suggesting here [Local Injury Network](https://localinjurynetwork.com/) which is a unique network of experienced professionals in communities across California.,Looking for Nutrition Specialist
224,qvsfut,nutrition,Why does the supplementary magnesium have to be bound to something?,What's the difference between magnesium found in cashews and the magnesium in magnesium citrate/glycine/taurate/malate?
225,qvq1zj,nutrition,"There seems to be mixed suggestions on how much oat bran a person should be eating to lower the bad cholesterol. Some say 1/2 cup. Others say that you only need a few teaspoons, since your body can't absorb all the goodness of oat bran even if you eat more than that.

Thoughts?",What's the minimum amount of oat bran powder a person should eat to lower bad cholesterol?
226,qvpzef,nutrition,"I ask generally for nuts/beans/seeds but feel free to address individually nuts or beans or seeds.  

1. Is soaking beneficial? 
2. Is sprouting beneficial?
3. Is cooking after sprouting beneficial or worse?",Soaking and sprouting of nuts/beans/seeds etc
227,qvnhdb,nutrition,"Hello everyone, I’m looking to download an app that will help me track my macronutrients. I am in receivers for an ED and seeing calories is somewhat triggering for me, but I really want to make sure im hitting all of my nutritional goals. Any recommendations?",Macronutrient app that doesn’t show calories?
228,qvnd43,nutrition,It seems nearly impossible with a searchable database to use as a reference. What do people here do about that?,How do people manage their micronutrients?
229,qvk2s8,nutrition,"Hey guys.  


Just wondering if anyone knows if a test like this exists in Australia to assess micronutrient levels?  


[https://www.next-health.com/pages/micronutrient-test#:\~:text=NEXT%7CHEALTH%20Micronutrient%20testing%20is,guide%20dietary%20and%20supplementation%20protocols](https://www.next-health.com/pages/micronutrient-test#:~:text=NEXT%7CHEALTH%20Micronutrient%20testing%20is,guide%20dietary%20and%20supplementation%20protocols).",Micronutrient Test In Australia?
230,qvk0k9,nutrition,"Hey there.  


Just wondering if anyone knows if there's a test like this available in Australia to assess nutrient levels?  


[https://www.next-health.com/pages/micronutrient-test#:\~:text=NEXT%7CHEALTH%20Micronutrient%20testing%20is,guide%20dietary%20and%20supplementation%20protocols](https://www.next-health.com/pages/micronutrient-test#:~:text=NEXT%7CHEALTH%20Micronutrient%20testing%20is,guide%20dietary%20and%20supplementation%20protocols).",Micronutrient Test In Available?
231,qvh4ya,nutrition,"Idk if anyone will know about this stuff, but if they do:


How many crops do people usually use it for? Estimated percent, if you can. And is there any general rule of thumb when it comes to determining whether products have it or not?

How bad is it for you? Is it bad enough to outweigh the benefits of high fiber foods? Mainly wonderng about oats and lentils.

Thanks.",Wondering about glyphosate
232,qvfk9a,nutrition,"
Summary:Looking for a way to make a bone broth that can get me 20G of collagen a day. Also the legitimacy of Collagen powders?

Elaboration:
I want to get around 20g of collagen a day. The best way it seems to get the collagen is through bone broth. As someone who has never made a bone broth or really researched collagen im not sure got to get a conversion of bone to actual collagen in the broth. So ultimately I’m looking for the most collagen dense bones to use. Furthermore I’ve seen some research suggesting a good animal based collagen powders However it is hard to tell if that was just schilling by companies because there was always links to the supplements.",Bone broth and collagen
234,qvfc5t,nutrition,"
Summary:
Getting surgery and looking for a way to make a bone broth that can get me 20G of collagen a day. Also the legitimacy of Collagen supplements?

Elaboration:
Getting knee surgery and tendon replacement surgery on the 25th. Read about the benefits of Collagen and viatimin C to speed up recovery time. I want to get around 20g of collagen a day. The best way it seems to get the collagen is through bone broth. As someone who has never made a bone broth or really researched collagen im not sure got to get a conversion of bone to actual collagen in the broth. So ultimately I’m looking for the most collagen dense bones to use. Furthermore I’ve seen some research suggesting a good animal based collagen supplement sped up recovery time for athletes. However it is hard to tell if that was just schilling by companies because there was always links to the supplements.",Collagen Supplements and Bone Broth ?
235,qvawaq,nutrition,"What other veggies do that? (Carrot, squash?)",Does eating a lot of spinach make your skin yellow?
236,qv87jt,nutrition,"I am talking about drinks which are very healthy/nutritious. 
I do like tea and herbal teas, as well as coffee. I am interested if there are any drinks out there which particularly stand out in terms of health benefits.","What are your favourite ""health tonics""?"
237,qv5jpu,nutrition,"There’s lot of - for want of a better word - folklore about tinned oily fish and mercury and micro plastics and other toxins. 

Would eating a single tin per day, from a range of oily fish (salmon, mackerel, sardines, tuna etc) cause any real issues or does the good outweigh the bad here?",How much tinned fish is too much?
238,qv599u,nutrition,"I normally have two coffees today, and I’m thinking about swapping one of them for Berocca. Be best to swap it for my morning for midday coffee?",When is the best time to have Berocca?
239,qv53v1,nutrition,Title… what is best?,Berocca in the morning and coffee around midday? Or coffee in the morning and berocca around midday?
240,qv4z1p,nutrition,Hi. I would like to enquire- what is the rough % of nutrients that are lost when you juice a fruit?,% of nutrients lost in juice
241,qv3gvo,nutrition,Does anyone know an app that is really good at helping with diets and food meal plans?,Dieting app that actually works
242,qv35r4,nutrition,That has scientific studies to back the claims on?,Book recommendation on nutrition
243,qv1npr,nutrition,I mean if i raised eating specific foods .. can shifting to another way of eating be a problem and i dont feel good or full because my microbiomes are used to certain foods? And does this really differes from one to another ? Or it is an internet thing and doesnt affect us that much?,Is the gut macrobiome a real thing and it differes from someone to another ?
244,qv06ya,nutrition,"I don't mean eating in a surplus, but say your maintenance was 5000 for example, because you exercise a lot or whatever reason, is it harmful in the long run to be eating this much on a consistent daily basis for years and years? Whether that's harmful to your body, your GI tract, your teeth etc what are your guy's thoughts?",Is eating excess calories every single day bad?
245,quzezk,nutrition,"Can’t find an accurate answer on google.

Thank you!",Is new fat burned first or is old/stored fat the first to go?
246,quz4pm,nutrition,"The RDI for teens is 1,300mg. This is an insane amount of calcium. Is this RDI just to promote the dairy industry? Without dairy it would be almost impossible to reach this amount of calcium.",Do we really need so much calcium?
247,quxjm8,nutrition,"When I think about (for instance) French vs Indian culinary traditions, traditional Indian food seems a lot 'healthier' in general than traditional French dishes. Is that a distinction/classification we can make fairly or is my view on these countries' traditions too narrow and/or bigoted?",What would you say is the most 'healthy' culinary tradition?
248,qutws7,nutrition,What are some of your low sodium favorites? Snacks? Recipes? Seasoning combos? I love cooking so don’t be afraid to hit me complex or time consuming recipes or ideas! Of coarse I’ll take the simple too!,Low sodium favorites?
249,qusg5k,nutrition,"If I turn the source of fiber into powder then consume it, will it be as beneficial? Or does the texture play a role somehow?

I’m asking for my pets but it’s probably the same answer.

I have small tortoises and their diet requires high amounts of fiber. It needs to come from grass but they don’t like to eat it. 
So I thought of powdering hay and mixing it with foods they like. Such that they still consume the same amount of grass just in powder form.",Is fiber still the same if its source is powdered?
250,qumj1x,nutrition,For me it’s tacos,What’s your “healthy cheat meal”?
251,qumhxo,nutrition,Currently I use Amazing Grass.,What green powder do you recommend?
252,qukwql,nutrition,"Probably a dumb question but I can not find any definitive answer online that says so. For example I wanted to take some creatine HCL. I have to be very limiting when it comes to my sodium intake, does HCL contain sodium that my body would absorb?",Do supplements containing HCL contribute to Sodium intake?
253,qukv70,nutrition,"So Im currently on a weight loss journey, what are some good high protein foods, low in cals that would allow me to maintain roughly same protein intake while being in a deficit? 

It can be foods, packaged snacks, baked products, anything really.",Best high protein foods/snacks?
254,qujyij,nutrition,I have about 4 grocery stores in my vicinity and they all stock maybe 1 kind of soy milk and then like a dozen kinds of almond or oat milk. To me though the soy milk is by far the tastiest and has way more protein than the rest. I'm wondering if there's some reason perhaps it's not as popular? Is it just the stigma of soy turning men into women? The Silk Dark Chocolate in particular is particularly good.,Any downside to soy milk?
255,qugrbd,nutrition,"I know that some methods take into account the amino acid composition, but that doesn't matter if your diet is varied, so what is the best method for determining how much our body can can actually absorb?",What is the best method for testing the protein quality of food?
256,qugjbw,nutrition,"According to this study: [https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21045172/](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21045172/)

in healthy men, whey protein can cause insulin spike after ingestion, so we can say that it is pretty bad, especially for people on ketosis, people who want to lose weight or for insulin resistant ones. In case of micellar casein, insulin spike was almost 2-fold lower when compared to whey protein.

Additionally, they didn't notice change in rate of muscle protein synthesis (1-6 h postexercise) between whey and micellar casein, so maybe the latter one is 'healthier' choice overall.",Whey protein and insulin spike
257,queejs,nutrition,"Hi! Need a list of foods with low-to-nothing vitamin A/beta-carotene contents. As much as you can think of apart from rice, potatoes, eggplant, buckwheat, walnuts, chicken and meat in general (besides livers). Thanks!",Low vitamin A/beta-carotene food options
259,qu7jbw,nutrition,I am on the Keto diet and wondering how these crusts will work for me.?,Cauliflower and Broccoli crust pizzas
260,qu4sv8,nutrition," I was wondering if 1) splitting doses of potassium is optimal for lessened side effects 2) how much dosages per day should one take 3) How much actual mg can one supplement per day if they are normal and healthy, and also take the potassium with food (Since taking anything with food slows the digestion, leading to less of a spike of said nutrient). I haven't found any solid numbers in relation to potassium supplementation, so any pointers in the right direction regarding actual figures would be greatly appreciated.",Questions regarding Potassium supplementation mainly timing/dosages
261,qu4cm0,nutrition," I was wondering if 1) splitting doses of potassium is optimal 2) how much dosages per day should one take and lastly 3) How much actual mg can one supplement per day if they are normal and healthy, and also take the potassium with food (Since taking anything with food slows the digestion, leading to smoother/better absorption of the said nutrient). I haven't found any solid numbers in relation to potassium supplementation, so any pointers in the right direction regarding actual figures would be greatly appreciated.",Questions about Potassium supplementation mainly regarding timing/dosages.
262,qu4631,nutrition,"I know that taking a large supplemental dose of potassium via sodium free potassium salt can increase blood potassium to dangerous levels sometimes leading to arrhythmias and even death in some individuals especially if taken with certain medications. I was wondering if 1) splitting doses of potassium is optimal for lessened side effects 2) how much dosages per day should one take if they need less than one gram of supplemental potassium and lastly 3) How much actual mg can one supplement per day if they are normal and healthy, and also take the potassium with food (Since taking anything with food slows the digestion, leading to less of a spike of said nutrient). I haven't found any solid numbers in relation to potassium supplementation, so any pointers in the right direction regarding actual figures would be greatly appreciated.",Questions regarding potassium supplementation timing/dosage.
263,qu01rh,nutrition,"2,000 calories is supposedly the optimum requirement that the body needs to function, yet vegans probably do not come anywhere near this amount if they eat nothing except for fruits and vegetables. Oatmeal for breakfast, a salad for lunch and perhaps beans with rice for dinner would likely not meet the 2,000 calorie mark, but there are some people who eat this way every day. How do their bodies still function?",How are vegans still alive?
264,qtxebn,nutrition,"Reacting to the famous Thomas DeLaur speaking about Keto vs Paleo.

Overall, I think there are many misconceptions about keto and paleo as famous as these 2 diet methods are.

Some will claim paleo is the best and some will say keto.

I've tried paleo for 5 years and in [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZIQrI8ZKyc) I wanted to see what Thomas has to say, as I remember watching videos of his some time ago about what he eats, what he buys etc... (was super interesting).

To make it short, I think Thomas does disservice to Keto by over simplifying concepts of diets and saying things like ""keto will make you lose weight"", or ""paleo will make you fat"" when reality is much more complicated.

I for one believe in reducing stress on my body as much as I can and making things ""easy"" for my body , and keto seems too stressful to me as carbs are the most available and easy way for the body to create energy.

Even though our opinions are obviously different, I wanted to hear what you guys think about the topic - is using buzzwords and magic pill type slang helps your community or not?",Keto vs Paleo (After 5 Years of Paleo) - Reacting To Thomas DeLaur [REACTION]
265,qtwmb9,nutrition,I am trying to collect and write down some information about macro- and micronitrients (biological function | how to consume them | how much to consume | etc.) so I can create a healthy relationship to them. Do you know of any books or websites where I could get some more or less detailed information of that kind on different nutrients? thanks.,nutrition compendium
266,qtvopx,nutrition,"Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death worldwide. Saturated fats are typically solid at room temperature because their fatty acids have no double bonds which means they are able to be packed densely. Saturated fats are found in foods such as butter, cured meats, sausages and coconut milk.  Consuming higher amounts of saturated fats contributes to elevated levels of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol which increases the risk of cardiovascular disease.(1) Reductions in saturated fat, and replacing it with carbohydrates or polyunsaturated fats(PUFA),  has been shown to reduce the risk of cardiovascular events by 17%. (2) There is also insufficient evidence that reducing saturated fat intakes has harmful effects.(2) However, There does not seem to be a causal effect as in saying saturated fats cause cardiovascular disease, instead an increase intake of saturated fats, also increases the risks of cardiovascular disease. To limit saturated fats from meats choose lower-fat and lean options of dairy, meat and poultry. Some examples of dietary shifts can also include cooking with olive/avocado oil instead of butter or margarine and consume grilled chicken instead of fried. The Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommends limiting saturated fats to 10% or less of your daily calories.(3)

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

1.  Kelly RK, Watling CZ, Tong TYN, *et al*. Associations between macronutrients from different dietary sources and serum lipids in 24 639 UK Biobank study participants. *Arterioscler Thromb Vasc Biol*. 2021;41:2190-2200. 
2.  Hooper L, Martin N, Jimoh OF, Kirk C, Foster E, Abdelhamid AS. Reduction in saturated fat intake for cardiovascular disease. Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2020 Aug 21;8(8):CD011737. doi: 10.1002/14651858.CD011737.pub3. PMID: 32827219; PMCID: PMC8092457. 
3. [https://health.gov/sites/default/files/2019-10/DGA\_Cut-Down-On-Saturated-Fats.pdf](https://health.gov/sites/default/files/2019-10/DGA_Cut-Down-On-Saturated-Fats.pdf)",Saturated Fats and Cardiovascular Disease
267,qtvly7,nutrition,"I am constantly tired and feel rundown. If there's one thing I'd love more than anything to accomplish with nutrition, it's to find more energy throughout the day. Help!",What are the best foods / eating habits / times to eat etc. that will help boost my energy?
268,qtoua3,nutrition,"Hello!

So which one is healthier? - 

butter has 45g of saturated fat in 100g of serving 

and 

margarine has 18g saturated fat, 30g monounsaturated fat and 12g polyunsaturated fat.

I know that in general both butter and margarine are unhealthy, but as i use butter for max 2 sandwiches a day i wondered which one is healthier?

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks for answering!",Butter vs margarine in termos of fats. Which is healthier
270,qtoqwz,nutrition,Does beer interact whith whey protein shake?,Can you drink beer affer whey?
271,qtojwr,nutrition,"Besides the aspect of health why do people do this, if they do at all and if not who tf though mhhh let’s put some sweet chemicals in food.",Is there a not health based reason why people make healthier swaps like using sweeteners instead of sugars.
272,qto361,nutrition,"Hello,

What is the best vitamin D product in the uk?

I’ve found various websites that give rankings, it’s hard to know which one to choose.",Best vitamin D in the uk?
273,qtmpvg,nutrition,"So I’ve read and heard that animal offals are the real superfoods as they are crazy nutrient dense. Pâté is mostly chicken liver and skin, but then it also has other additives and preserves and whatnot.

Just wondering what everyone thinks about the product. I know the best advice is to avoid processed foods. And this is technically a processed food, but it also has a ton of good stuff.",What does everyone think of pâté?
274,qtlm6g,nutrition,"Hi! I've been using unmodified potato starch (Bob's red mill) as a prebiotic and it's improved my health. But I noticed adding it to a smoothie doesn't seem to provide the same benefits. This feeling occurred after two weeks of adding it to a smoother. I went back to having it without on an empty stomach and I feel better.

Is there anything that would lessen the effects of it by adding it to food? I assume it changes it's value when mixed with foods?",Do I take resistant starch with food or on empty stomach?
275,qtkaal,nutrition,"I'm in search of designing a Diet that's Anti Fungal, Low Histamine and Gut-Repairing meal planning. But i find myself in situation where the list has contradiction: example of which is where likes of Vinegar, Banana, Yogurt sit.

Is there anyone that can direct me to links/ studies that would help create this holistic ingredients list that covers 3? I'd like to learn more about what Food List/ Types i could focus and which ones to avoid. 

thanks so much for the help!","Anti Fungal, Low Histamine and Gut Repair Diet?"
276,qth00f,nutrition,Are we any closer to developing some sort of pill to boost metabolism so we can consume more calories without weight gain?,Metabolism booster?
277,qtgfbx,nutrition,Is there a reason why?,Why doesn’t the body fully digest meat?
278,qtffsa,nutrition,"Title is kind of weird but trust me.

I’m trying to quit sugar (not natural sugars such as fruit) but sometimes finding sugar free stuff is a bit tricky because I lack understanding with some labels, so I wanted to ask about it here.

If a product says “no added sugar” then would that work for what I’m trying to do? The hypothetical product is yogurt, and still does have sugar but judging by what it says and the ingredients.. it’s probably from the type of product itself. But I don’t know.",“No added sugar” help?
279,qtexpe,nutrition,Pairing carbs/protein with fiber is better for blood glucose or with fats ? I know both will be better but if we have to pick one which has the biggest impact on slowing digestion ?,Does fats slows the absorption of carbs and protein more than fiber or the opposite ?
280,qtdqdr,nutrition,"Taking into account that “healthy” food is very individual, I am curious to know what is YOUR favorite comfort/treat/feel good foos that you consider healthy/nutritious? 😊 

(You can also include your favorite treat/comfort food that you definitely don’t consider nutritious/healthy, if you feel like it, for the sake of not creating a thread portraying joyful eating as merely being about nutrition, but please only do so if you also mention your favorite meal you consider healthy/nutritious, for the sake of this sub focusing on, well, nutrition)",What is your favorite healthy/nutritious comfort food?
281,qtdpvv,nutrition,"Contrary to popular beliefs, Low-fat diets may not be as effective as we think. Here is an article from researchers from Harvard, about a low-fat diet and obesity.

[Have low-fat diets made us fatter?](https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/news/hsph-in-the-news/have-low-fat-diets-made-us-fatter/)",Low-Fat Diets and Obesity
282,qt8vgi,nutrition,"Any Suggestions?

So 2 years ago, i weighed around 118/120? Then within the last year, i started lifting, bringing me to around 126/128. Within tbe past 1/1.5 months ive just been running. About 5 miles in the morning then going on a 3 mile walk after work. the # on the scale has gone up to around 128/ 130, however, my clothes are getting looser. Whats happening lol?

EDIT: I am female, 5'1 / 5'2",Help regarding running?
283,qt6s8j,nutrition,Add Guac to your salad it’s a game changer and it’s healthier than dressing. You can make it yourself at home or buy it ready made but it is amazing and it has become my favorite meal of the day,An idea for people who hate salad
284,qt6l31,nutrition,"Hello,

I Am interested about sugar timings. I read complex carbs are better than sugars, but you still need to eat fruits, I read 2 fruits in the morning, then 3 vegetables afternoun... But problem is already 2 pieces of fruit can meet RDA!  So then if you eat like potatoes, would you need to cut 1 fruit e.g. When you exercise, it sugar RDA can be little bit higher I read, so it could be okay. But one has to track carb contents in all kinds of foods! Also shouldn't sugar intakes be more spaced out? Because I read in some study/guideline that you are supposed to eat 2 fruits in the morning (because insulin or something) but then whole afternoun you won't have much sugars, if any! Max like potatoes, but that's it, so you don't overdo it...

There is multiple things to consider, I would be interested in proper sugar timings (so they are spaced out during day and balanced) and how much fruits to eat per day, perhaps when you choose 1 high on sugar, you choose 2nd low in sugar to meet 2 fruits per day etc.

Thanks!",Best way to time out sugars intake?
285,qt3ire,nutrition,"I understand that Avocado has a lot of good nutrients and healthy fats. However, did you noticed any benefits from consuming it?",The question about Avocado
286,qt2027,nutrition,Specifically the omega-6. I think there are different types of omega 6 and that the composition is different in these foods?,"Does healthiness of omega-6 found in nuts, nut butters, and seed oils differ? How much does omega 3:6 ratio matter?"
287,qt12xu,nutrition,I went and bought a sandwich there for breakfast and I just read the nutrition facts post-consumption. I am absolutely disgusted and want to throw up. What is going on behind the scenes why would anyone put so much cholesterol knowing it’s bad????????,"If the dietary guideline is no more than 300mg of cholesterol a day, then why is there 345mg of cholesterol in my Egg Sandwich from 7/11. Are they trying to kill me?"
288,qszptl,nutrition,Does anybody know the macros of minced chuck beef because each site writes down different data,Chuck Beef Macros
289,qszczb,nutrition,"How many of you drink warm water with salt n lemon every morning? I’ve been doing it for a few days and I’ve noticed a lot more energy in the gym in the morning, not sure if it’s a placebo or not..",Salt water with lemon
290,qsuaht,nutrition,If not why not?,Is simple carb like white bread with some form of fiber supplement the same as complex carb?
291,qssszg,nutrition,"This may come off as a dumb question, but I’ve seen weird results when I’ve tried searching this question and have seen people say different things.

I would like to go sugar-free to reduce cravings and just improve overall health. So cutting out all sugar except for natural sugars(ex: fruits). And I wasn’t sure if consuming artificial sweeteners such as stevia were to count, or if it didn’t.

Thanks!",Artificial sweeteners and going sugar free
292,qsqt5i,nutrition,Protein bars seem to pack in all the macros easily (maybe for less calories than regular food?) which would optimize best performance?,Are protein bars or regular food better before physical activity?
293,qsncjv,nutrition,"I marinated .98 lbs of salmon for about 2 hours in a soy-miso-sugar liquid. I cut it into 3.5 to 2 ounce thirds. I broiled it for about 8 minutes, and I weighed the larger pieces and they were both over 5 ounces. Did the sodium of the miso cause the salmon to retain more liquid weight?",Why did my salmon weigh so much more after cooking?
294,qsm638,nutrition,"Hey guys! I’m searching for a substitute for cheese, mostly the umami taste of cheese. I recently found out that I’m lactose intolerant sadly. I know you can buy vegan fake cheese but this is just not very nutritional and does not remind me of cheese at all. For me even the lactose free cheeses hurt my stomach. If you have any tips or healthier replacements please let me know. ☺️",Substitutes for cheese
295,qsl85k,nutrition,"If you could choose only a carb, fat, and protein source, what would you make?

Include any spices, seasonings, and flavor enhancers (salt) that you’d like! I’m looking for new simple recipes to make.

My suggestion : oats for carbs and egg white for protein. Mix them up in a mug with a splash of water until it is at proper thickness and pop in the microwave for 1-2mins. Top with PB for fat and serve with a pinch of cinnamon and salt. Delicious and easy breakfast if you ask me. 

Whatchyall got?!",Make a 3-ingredient meal
296,qsk9ly,nutrition," Pancakes are among people's faves for breakfast, but some have had to restrict this food due to being gluten-intolerant. As well, many people are now switching to a [**gluten free lifestyle**](https://healthybeautyfitlifestyle.com/gluten-free-diet-2/).  The good thing about having the option of a gluten free meal is that it could help heal your gut. Whichever the preferences are, now we can enjoy delicious pancakes that are gluten free and super healthy. Here are some of the best gluten free pancake recipes, which would be healthier alternatives of the same pancakes you’ve always loved. These recipes include more protein, to help you meet those fitness goals. 

[https://healthybeautyfitlifestyle.com/gluten-free-pancake-recipes/](https://healthybeautyfitlifestyle.com/gluten-free-pancake-recipes/)","High protein, gluten free pancake recipes"
297,qsj7nd,nutrition,"I see people take these things in supplement form, or endeavour to take in more by way of diet.  I understand that Boron doesn't have an RDA, and that the human body can manufacture both Glutamine and Collagen.

Would anyone be able to speak to whether or not taking these items in supplemental form would be beneficial or not?  Especially Boron, as I have heard that like magnesium, soil levels of this mineral are simply not replenished by our industrial farming methods.  Any insight would be appreciated.  

Thank you kindly.",Boron. Collagen. Glutamine.
298,qsixsw,nutrition,"Hello. So I recently started a diet about a month ago and I've been doing well eating below 1900 calories a day. However, I'm going to a special occasion at buffalo wild wings but I'm still not understanding the nutrition info. Is the sauce included in the nutrition guide per wing? Or all together? (for example medium wings say its 60 calories). 

10 piece wings on their own say its about 720. So in that case with medium sauce it would be 1320 all together?",Question about Buffalo Wild Wings
300,qsinan,nutrition,"Like if I juice an orange, am I extracting most of its calories?",What part of an orange do its calories come from?
301,qshy37,nutrition,"My birthday is in exactly one month and I'm going to be seeing my family for the first time in a long time and I don't want them to know that I haven't been eating much.

I want to gain as much weight as possible in 30 days. What do you recommend I do/eat?

I don't care if it's muscle weight or fat weight. I just want to look thicker than I am now. Advice?",What is the absolute quickest way to gain a good amount of weight/size in 30 days?
302,qshxvb,nutrition,What is the difference with pharmacy / pills vitamlns? I'm pretty sure there is a big difference.,What type of vitamins do they use in fortified food?
303,qshqfb,nutrition,"So I am joining an anti poaching unit next year but I've let myself go and I'm exstreamly unfit and eat horribly. I want to return to what I was.

I looked up some diets but I was exstreamly overwhelmed.

Can I make it simple for myself to loose weight and become fit again if i:

1:eat a breakfast with lots of calories, such as toast with peanut butter or eggs and fruit, then only drink water throughout the day and have a somewhat healthy dinner?
2:what exercises can I do that will consistently make me fit across the board that I can do ideally twice a day?",Is fasting my key to being fit?
304,qsgv6y,nutrition,"Here it is: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PzoeNHK2TAs

This shit is why I sometimes enjoy following diet stuff, there is so many wacky, wacky people out there that insist they discovered the holy grail of nutrition.","""Only Meat"" bro dude takes on a Vegan Vlogger, glorious clash of stupid ensues."
305,qsf2ma,nutrition,"I'm reading How Not To Die by Michael Gregor right now, and in a lot of ways, this book is exactly the kinds of thing that I'm looking for. It's written by an M.D. and explains both the how and the why, citing studies to back up his claims. 

I'm looking for something *like* this book, but the problem that I have with this book is that it specifically advocates veganism. I'm not opposed to veganism and in general I'm convinced that it leads to an overall healthier diet. Michael Gregor makes it known in the introduction though that he has a bias against eating animal products, and that bias is pretty clear even from chapter 1, where he seems to be cherry picking studies and skipping over crucial pieces of information.

I'm not trying to inflame vegans or Michael Gregor fans here. I hope I haven't done that. I'm just here to ask if anyone knows of good nutrition books in the same vein of this one which are written by experts who don't have any ethical attachments to the conversation, and who I can be more confident are just trying to tell me the science. Thank you in advance!",Books on scientifically understanding nutrition?
306,qsf0w9,nutrition,"I like to sit and eat one can of Olives from time to time. They seem to be a satisfying snack that's low in fat and fairly low in calories. I wonder about the sodium though. It seems a little high for the can, but then I was wondering whether most of that sodium would go out with the liquid that I drain out of the can. When they give the sodium figure is it meant to cover what's in the olives, or what's in the entire can?",Olives as a snack
307,qsdx2w,nutrition,"**Thryve Probiotics**  

I've been taking this probiotic for the past six months. Recently, the company changed its name. Does anyone know why they renamed themselves to Ombrelab? It all seems rather shady, and there's no explanation for the rebranding.",Thryve Probiotics - Why did they change their name?
308,qscmp1,nutrition,"https://www.palmoilinvestigations.org/names-for-palm-oil.html
Some of the names are real ingredients, am I reading this wrong?",Confusion around Palm Oils many names
309,qsaixf,nutrition,"It probably started with the frozen meals, but I can’t stop and it’s a lot of junk food all the time. It’s not easy living by yourself in a small place.

Basically every day when I go without takeaway I can’t stop thinking about fast food especially getting KFC... but I’ve exhausted the menu so I hold! Is there something wrong with me?

I know sugar, salt and fat are addicting, but I have way too much likeness towards KFC-oriented food or even McDonald’s. I don’t know... where I live and what I want to make I can’t have all the equipment required there and so only simple things can be made like peanut butter sandwiches... I’d rather the fast food than that.",KFC addict? I like fast food too much!
310,qs7lxb,nutrition,"I don't want to load up on fats for several reasons related to my medical history, and I found some sources that suggest that a second way to reach ketosis is through low carb diets plus intermittent fasting. Is this scientifically accurate? 

If you know any reputable sources (diet books, for example) that tackle these sort of diet I have in mind, PLEASE let me know!!! Thanks.","Can I reach ketosis on a low carb, low fat diet in conjunction with intermittent fasting?"
312,qs7bzl,nutrition," I have severe skin reactions to synthetic vitamins (and to medications in general) , like Vitamin D for example  which was even made specially for me with only talcum as a filler. I mean, the problem is not the fillers. 50.000 UI of vitamin D caused me a long lasting skin reaction (a whole year, it was a nightmare). How ever, I can drink a brand of milk fortified with vitamin D and I don't have any bad reaction. Same with cereals fortified with different vitamins, no bad reaction. What could be the explanation? I'm pretty sure the vitamins used to fortified foods are different to pills / pharmacy vitamins. Even tough both are synthetic, there must be a major difference. 

Now I have to take  methotrexate, which must be taken with folic acid and I'm terrified that I could get a similar reaction from the folic acid (vitamin B9) so I haven't take it. 

Does anyone know what type of vitamins do they use? How is the process? And how could I get them?",What type of vitamins are used to fortified foods? And how is the process?
313,qs4b43,nutrition,"Hi.

In  the nutrition facts on a grains based foot item I have (unfortunately I  don't know the English word for it), it says that 100g yields about 200  calories and contain about 50g dietary fiber.

As  dietary fibers to a lesser degree is absorbed by the intestines, does  it mean that out of the 200 calories I actually get maybe just 100  calories? Or is it likely that the 200 calories which is says on the  nutrition facts label adjust for the reduced absorption of fiber? In  other words, will eating 100g of this food item give me 200 calories, or  closer to 100 calories?",Does fiber count as calories?
314,qs3ko3,nutrition,"I’ve made the decision for a while now to (mostly) eliminate sugar and processed food from my diet. I’ve stopped consuming soda, fruit juices, cakes, muffins, candy, ice cream, cereal, and other sweets. However, I still eat burgers (crumbled blue cheese, onions, lettuce, cooked rare) and steak cuts from local restaurants 2-4 times every two weeks. Is this fine if I want to maintain a healthy diet?",Can I still eat my steak dinners and burgers?
315,qs32qo,nutrition,"Hello 

I just want to know what is your favorite fat source in the breakfast. Recently I started adding some black sesame past to my cereals. What about you?",Best fat source in the morning.
316,qs25pg,nutrition,Whenever a website or picture talks about how much of a food group you should aim to get a day they say it measured in servings or cups. I was wondering how much of each food group you should get a day measured in grams?,Suggested food groups in grams?
317,qs1ggg,nutrition,"I hear it high saturated fat clogging your arteries,(but why doesn’t the high fat content of macadamian nuts or almonds cause stroke?) or that salt constricts your blood vessels(so would all salt be bad?) or that it’s high carbs causing inflammation of the blood vessels, which lead to cholesterol buildup to heal the inflammation. Like which one is it? I’m so friggin confused.",What exactly causes a stroke?
318,qrz735,nutrition,"Does anyone know the calories for cow feet, I can't find any actual results anywhere. It's skin but at the the same time there tendons and stuff but I'm just not sure.",Cow foot calories???
319,qrz3k5,nutrition,"The package says per 250mL, it doesnt give a measurement in grams. How can i track them?",How to track canned beans?
320,qryi4t,nutrition,"I've always wanted to learn more about nutrition. I have never eaten well/enough for a multitude of reasons. I'm looking to eat better, more consistently and gain weight as well. I'd like to start at learning about nutrition before anything else. It's especially challenging due to my dietary restrictions. 

Would any of you have a good book or youtube channel or website that would be beneficial to me? I appreciate any help.",I don't know much about nutrition. I'd like to learn more. I'm also Celiac and Lactose Intolerant. Would you have any good book/blog recommendations on which I can learn more?
321,qrxoa3,nutrition,Hey any idea how long it takes for almond milk to digest? Does it follow fat time as in several hours or fast like a simple sugar? I ask because before I do endurance events I don’t know if my almond milk causes my granola cereal to digest longer. Thanks!,Almond milk digestion time
322,qrw6bt,nutrition,"I know we need some fat in our diet, but do we need saturated fat at all?",Do you need saturated fat or is it something that should be avoided?
323,qrum71,nutrition,I have the „problem“ that it takes literally an hour for me to eat like 100g of whole wheat oats. Now I thought about blending it so that I can drink it. What is your opinion about that? Does it have a big effect on the nutritional value?,Nutritional effect of blending whole wheat oats
324,qrum4j,nutrition,"Hello Everyone, 

I just bought some green banana powder and was wondering if it is OK to take daily?

It is a pretty powerful resistant starch/prebiotic and rich in inulin. 

Any help is appreciated!",Green Banana Powder - daily use?
325,qrsx1c,nutrition,"Came across a buzzfeed article that scared me a bit, not gonna lie.

https://www.buzzfeed.com/fithealth/5-foods-that-are-marketed-as-healthy-but-arent-3vx10cbijr

Thoughts?",How accurate is this article? Are these foods really that bad?
326,qrswrm,nutrition,I’m starting a new workout program involving high reps. What would be the best fit for micronutrients with recovery and general muscle growth? I only have fish oil to start out with. I have been contemplating on buying a multivitamin or vitamin d with other micronutrients. Which is the best option out of those two? Thanks in advance.,Vitamins and health supplements for the gym
327,qrhi2o,nutrition,"So, I was browsing the internet a couple weeks ago looking to boost my metabolism to allow me to burn off my stubborn 20 pound donut around my waist and found a drink that goes way back past 3 thousand years. Apparently this drink comes from Okinawa, Japan where obesity is unheard of, and has been kept from the world for centuries due to the secret being kept local. I decided to take a leap and buy this product as It isn't very expensive. Right now I'm down 10 pounds from 185 to 174\~176 depending on whether I take it in the morning or not. If you guys are interested, you can check  out a retailer of the product here: [https://www.supersponsoredproducts.com/japans-3-thousand-year-old-secret1](https://www.supersponsoredproducts.com/japans-3-thousand-year-old-secret1)",Who Wants A History Lesson In The Oldest Health Drink (30 CENTURIES)?
328,qrg9hk,nutrition,Was just wondering because I love it,Does drinking yerba mate have any positive benefits?
329,qrewk1,nutrition,Hi .. what is the side effects of using lots of potassium ( not harmful range) and low sodium in the diet ? Does it affect satiety and hunger after eating ?,Question about Using no-salt ( low sodium )
330,qrcsx8,nutrition,What is alcohol sugar and is it bad for you? I bought protein bars that advertise a very small amount of sugar but noticed there’s 23g of something called alcohol sugar.,Alcohol-sugar??
331,qraqmt,nutrition,Is Raw Grass Gazed Cows Milk Estrogenic Or Can It Harm Testosterone Production? I Know That Conventional Dairy/Milk Does,Dairy - Raw Milk Estrogenic or Not
332,qra1uu,nutrition,"I have a package of goods (dried cranberries) it weighs 33g
The Nutrition Facts show the serving size is 33g.
The label also shows:
```
27g of Total Carbohydrate
2g Dietary Fiber
22g Added Sugars
24g Total Sugars
```

So, I read this as 2g Natural Sugar and 22g Added Sugars!
But the total package is only 33g!
And the ingredients list reads: Cranberries, Sugar, Sunflower Oil.

I thought the main ingredient had to be listed first -- but if there is 22g of sugar, that means there is only 11g of cranberry?  So how are Cranberries first? That seems like a lot of sugar.",Nutrition Facts on my Dried Cranberries
333,qr8ybw,nutrition,Has anybody here had any success with the vertical diet? What do you feel the diets pros and cons are? How did your blood work look after being on the diet for a period of time? Do you feel the plan is healthy? Thanks :D,What are yalls thoughts and opinions on the vertical diet?
334,qr7pgo,nutrition,"I heard it makes you lose weight and some say it helps gain weight, so I’m not sure what to think, thank you!",Can I take zinc supplements to gain healthy weight?
335,qr6xw3,nutrition,"I love eating protein because it is so filling and hate eating fats because they are so calorie dense. How much protein is too much and how little fats are too little? I’m 185, 6’1” and eat around 225-250g of protein a day and around 50g of fat (&lt;20%)a day for a ~2500 calorie diet. Is that ok or should I definitely change something? I remember reading somewhere that your body gets used to burning protein so eventually you won’t be able to use it to build muscle? Is that true? Thanks",Too much protein not enough fat?
336,qr6lu1,nutrition,"First of all sorry for my English. 
Let’s say I went to the gym and it was chest day. I did my chest training and finished within 1 hour.

Then I did my regular biceps, triceps and abs training (which is how I finish my typical day at the gym), this took me another hour.

I had my meal afterwards. However I have heard that one must eat after gym within 1 hour (max 2) to get maximum benefits. Could this mean that I gained less benefits for my chest than my biceps, triceps and abs? I know it sounds pretty confusing and stupid but I just got into gym and this nutrition thing and it’s sort of hard to get into so I’m hoping someone with knowledge and experience would be able to help me.

Thanks in advance.",Question regarding working out and nutrition
337,qr5s3g,nutrition,"(TW : complete transparency)
I haven’t pooped in over a week and I weigh less than I did a week ago.. My diet consists of plenty of fiber, fruits, and vegetables. I drink lots of water. I eat 6 meals a day and count my calories (2800kcal/50%Carbs/35%Protein/15%Fat). Physically, I feel fine only a little tired/fatigued. Jokes aside, is it possible that I have a parasite? What could be going on with me? I’m always hungry and know I need to go to the bathroom. Strange! Help please!",Should I See a Doctor?
338,qr59q5,nutrition,"You are in a caloric surplus for a day out of the week but overall weekly you are losing calories.  


Does doing this result in a lower amount of weight loss?  


Pretty sure the answer is no, sorry for the dumb question anyways just wanted to be sure.",Does doing this result in a lower amount of weight lost?
339,qr26py,nutrition,"I suppose you can have a diet both high in these if you eat alot of fast food. However, which one is the lesser of the 2 evils?",Which would be worse: A diet high in sodium or high in sugar?
340,qr1z4q,nutrition,"My toddler has entered the “eww, yuck” stage, but is still absolutely in love with anything that resembles soup or broth. 

She just won’t eat anything in the soup… not even shaped pasta or skid friendly store bought stuff. 

My attempt at blending veggies into to soup was not well received at all… it’s the only soup she’s outright rejected, lol.

While we continue to work on getting her to eat actual foods, is there a way to ensure the soup that she’s eating once or twice a week is super nutritious? 

Is there a brand in particular that’s best, or should I start from scratch and just boil the heck out of as many crazy veggies as possible before serving? 

Thanks in advance.",Most Nutritious Broth/Stock?
341,qr1f4x,nutrition,"One thing I really dislike as far as nutrition is the fact that people think that because certain sweeteners are calorie free, it means there aren’t going to be any negative effects of consuming it.


I have seen people take things that you would never imagine turning into pastry baked goods into brownies by adding loads of these calorie-free sweeteners or protein powders. 


One might justify baking brownies out of beets and protein powder as a good way to get in your vegetables or protein. Is it that, or are you just trying to justify your bad behavior through foods that taste like the real thing? 


I certainly think situations like these are beneficial if you do struggle to enjoy eating vegetables or if you struggle to hit your protein intake through whole foods. But if you’re using it as a way to continually diet, then I think you need to reevaluate your relationship with food. It’s not my business what other people do as far as their diet, I just wish more people understood that just because it is “calorie-free” doesn’t mean it’s necessarily better for you. 


I am curious what other things you all are tired of seeing within this space as far as misconceptions.",What misconception about nutrition do you wish more people understood?
342,qqn52i,nutrition,"I cook with them all the time.. I mean who *doesn't* cook with them, right? It would be difficult to make my own curry powder, grind my own cumin seeds, turmeric, etc. There aren't many brands that aren't considered a health concern due to high levels, so I'm not really sure what to do. And with thyme, basil, and oregano, the fresh stuff goes bad quick and I'd have to find a recipe to use it for right away. And many recipes call for the dried versions. 

Thoughts?","According to consumer reports, a bunch of store bought spices have dangerous levels of heavy metals and arsenic in them"
343,qqiowc,nutrition,&gt;Does citrus pectin contribute to decay?,Does Lipton diet green tea citrus cause tooth decay?
344,qqgrd1,nutrition,"Sorry if this question has already been answered.

I've heard the argument that intensive farming has dramatically reduced the nutritional content of our food. How true is this? If it is true, is buying food organic or at a farmer's market much better nutritionally than buying at a regular grocery store?",Is there good evidence that organic/farmer's market food is substantially better nutritionally?
345,qqer7y,nutrition,I find it hard to believe that it's only magnesium that's depleted. There's got to be other vitamins and minerals that are also depleted generally .,We've all heard about the soil being depleted of magnesium and thus our crops are also depleted. But are there any other nutrients that the soil is generally depleted in?
346,qqdrbx,nutrition,"I want to put on muscle, so obviously I need more protein.

Concerned with meat consumption if I increase my jntake. 

Would it be better to keep my meat consumption normal but have more protein powder?",Putting on muscle in a healthy way?
347,qqd8t1,nutrition,"I slagged off Beyond Meat as a product, but I actually had a beyond burger today and it was damn good. I would say the elimination of the heme iron, even if this is processed to hell, might be a benefit to consume 1 or 2 nights a week as opposed to ground beef, but some of the stuff like methylecellulose has links to cancer and other stuff. I wonder what everyone thinks of the ingredients like this and if the trade off is worth it or just to think with beef since even though it has the heme iron it's not processed and it's more nutrient dense.","The Beyond Burger is obviously not a health food or healthy alternative to beef imo, but I do think the subtraction of heme iron in this compared to beef is potentially huge, but my research on, one of the ingredients, methylcellulose screams bad news. What your opinions?"
348,qqckn6,nutrition,"Has anyone ever tried taking lactase pills and fibre supplements at the same time? Generally, you're supposed to take oral medications 2 hours before or after a fibre supplement, however, given that you're supposed to take fibre supplements with your food, this isn't possible for a lactose intolerant person trying to take the enzyme with a meal.

I haven't been able to find anything on whether or not the fibre would affect the enzyme's working. Has anyone tried doing it/know anything on it?",Can you take lactase (Lactaid/Lacteeze) with Fibre supplements?
349,qqb0wl,nutrition,"I am (F28), currently working in a small pharmaceutical consultancy company in Germany and also as a weight loss coach for women (it’s been 1.5 years ). Besides my job I was studying in a German university (MA) but I don’t want to continue the master's degree for some personal reasons. I am currently thinking to relocate to the UK and starting my career as a clinical dietitian (I have a bachelor's degree in psychology). I am planning to start e MSc degree in Dietetic and Nutrition. I want to know from the perspective of a British Dietitian, the pros and cons of both? How hard is it to get a job after the MSc and what about the job and salary prospects?",Should I go for this career as a Clinical Dietitian?
350,qq9wna,nutrition,"I know that for immunity important - vitamin A, D, E, C, B6, B12, B9, zinc, iron,  copper, selenium, magnesium. But is there any classification on their importance? Particularly interesting about parasites",What are vitamins/minerals the most important to increase immunity to get rid of parasites?
351,qq7qmn,nutrition,"I'm entirely ignorant as to how lecithin differs from the oil it's extracted from. Tried googling it, couldn't find a good explanation that made me comfortable with consuming it.

Could anyone enlighten me please?",Some studies show canola oil is potentially unhealthy. My magnesium supplement has rapeseed (related closely to canola) lecithin. Is rapeseed lecithin likely to have the negatives of canola oil?
352,qq7a0v,nutrition,"Hello, as the title says I’m looking for inspiration/ideas on good healthy meals that won’t break the bank! I seem to struggle thinking of dinner/lunch ideas and just end up eating the same things.",Cheap healthy recipes for those balling on a budget?
353,qq6ofr,nutrition,"While making my own electrolyte drink to balance what I'm not getting at the end of a full day, I had the idea - why not just drop a few sugar cubes in with the potassium and sodium? 14g-30g sugar diluted in 20oz of water, sipped across the span of 5-7 hours. 

Other than the whole teeth thing, am I wrong to assume this would be identical to the slow release you see from the sugar trapped in more fibrous and fatty foods? I suppose it's similar to sipping soda, but without the additives/corn syrup/caffeine.",Is there a difference between a low GI snack and sipping... sugar water?
354,qq5hlu,nutrition,"White meat being stuff like chicken, turkey, seafood, poultry. Red meat being beef, pork, lamb, etc. 

Please be thorough, including info about nutritional content or risks of mortality, etc. If they're equal, then would meat eaters feel no need to choose between them?","Is white meat healthier, unhealthier, or equal to red meat?"
355,qq51lh,nutrition,"Hello any nutritionists, I need help. How can you tell how many total calories and represented by carbohydrates, fats, and proteins?",Nutrition Question
356,qq0yfr,nutrition,Can someone explain to me how the Maillard reaction happens in meat like roast beef even though there’s no carbohydrates in meat?,Maillard reaction in meat
357,qpxd5z,nutrition,"Hey guys, my friend only eat white bagels with vegan margarine (breakfast, lunch, dinner) and occasionally some “beefless vegan sticks”. Eating white bread pretty much exclusively cannot be healthy. What are some short and long term repercussions of such diet? It feels like he’s missing pretty much most of healthy nutrition.",Alarming roommate diet
358,qpwi7j,nutrition,"Those of you who feel you really have your nutrition dialed in, what resource did you find the most helpful? (Looking for recommendations - books, documentary, websites, experts?)",What helped you the most?
359,qpvkar,nutrition,"I don’t understand how it is possible to meet the 18 mg per day requirement for iron for pre-menopausal women. I would love examples of daily foods you all eat that fulfill this without eating multiple hamburgers a day.

I’d also love any examples of foods that add up to requirements for elementary school kids that don’t like spinach and shellfish.

Thank you.",How to get daily iron amount?
360,qpvfom,nutrition,"for context, these vegetables are for my parakeet. he’s tiny and can only fit so much in his little stomach, so i buy him frozen vegetables. i take out like one piece of broccoli, cauliflower, carrot slice, whatever else is in the frozen veggie pack and microwave them then chop them up very finely. i then put them in a small container and every day give him a small amount. but they tend to go off in the fridge before i finish it. if i were to refreeze some of them, then defrost those out again, would nutritional content be lost?",will refreezing vegetables destroy the nutrients?
361,qpv3hk,nutrition,"Hi everyone,
Recently I’ve been doing a cut after a successful bulk. I have been using diet breaks where I will go through a week or two of a higher deficit than what most people would suggest (750-1,000 cals) and then return to maintenance calories for the same amount of time. I have noticed that I get stomach and back rashes when doing my deficit weeks, and when I return to maintenance they go away. Is there any research out there between calorie consumption and skin? I’m assuming it would have something to do with stress levels",Rash from a deficit?
362,qptt0e,nutrition,"This may be a stupid question which is why I’m asking strangers. I was eating a poke bowl earlier and started wondering how much protein was in it. When I started looking it up i realized I’ve never really known if it was the same for raw fish i.e sushi or poke. Does cooking it change the amount of fat, protein, &amp; carbs?",Does cooking fish change the macronutrients?
363,qptlgz,nutrition,"Where do the calories in non-starchy veggies come from? I know there aren't that many, but there are still a few and I'm confused.",Vegetable Information
364,qptg08,nutrition,"There are a lot of excellent youtube channels promoting their cuisine out there (e.g. middle eastern cuisine, Italian cuisine etc.), but I've noticed that within each of these cuisines, dishes range from those that are bombarded with oil, sugar, empty carbs etc, to those full of healthy goods. In your cuisine, what **authentic/original** dish is considered healthy? 

No modified recipes to tweak an original dish into a healthier version; it has to be inherently healthy. 

Mine is Bibimbap (various vegetables/meat and rice mixed together in chilli paste) from Korean cuisine.",What authentic dish from your cuisine is healthy?
365,qpszo6,nutrition,"One of my favorite zero effort meals from trader joes is a pre cooked chicken breast with microwaveable (from frozen) brown rice and frozen peas with some braggs liquid aminos and nutritional yeast. 

I know how easy it is to prep chicken breast in the slow cooker but even this is hard with my crazy schedule and I find myself opting for the pre cooked stuff. I'm referring specifically to these pre cooked chicken breasts: [https://www.traderjoesreviews.com/product/trader-joes-fully-cooked-lightly-seasoned-boneless-skinless-chicken-breasts-reviews/](https://www.traderjoesreviews.com/product/trader-joes-fully-cooked-lightly-seasoned-boneless-skinless-chicken-breasts-reviews/)

I've been trying to ditch other pre cooked/ processed meats such as the pre cooked sausage, but I'm wondering if the pre cooked chicken would be considered processed in this case? Is it an ok substitute when pressed for time or am I lying to myself that this is a healthy option?",Opinion on Trader Joe's Pre Cooked Chicken Breast?
366,qpri8r,nutrition,"My roommate barely eats anything (good thing is that she won't steal my food) 

Anyways, her everyday diet consists of 

-oatmeal squares in the morning
-chicken sandwich (premade from the supermarket)
-pillsbury crescent
-buttered bagels 
-sausages (don't know the brand) 

She's been here for a year and seeing this makes me worried.

What are your thoughts?",Eating disorder.
367,qpqvrl,nutrition,"



I’m looking for some tasty smoothie ideas with a high level of protein, as I need to have minimum 60 grams of protein/day (i have a powder for it but i don’t like it simple, I want to make a smoothie every morning)


I don’t want too many fruits in the smoothie, not a fan of the excess sugar. Maybe there is something else i can add in it


I hope you can help me out with this! Thank you very much!

Any idea is welcomed","Non sugary, big amounts of protein proved to be the most efficient for the body. But what are some good ingredients that can always help?"
368,qpnk4u,nutrition,"I'm having a hard time explaining what I mean in just the title. But here's the specific situation. One of the ingredients in a recipe I used was 1 cup of uncooked quinoa. But after quinoa cooks, it expand to apparently 3 times the amount (but some sources say 4 so I don't know for sure). Does that mean I should enter in 3 cups of quinoa as I input the recipe, not 1? I just want to make sure the calorie and nutrition information is accurate.","When I enter food intake or a recipe into an app like cronometer, do I input the amount of food that was used before it was cooked (such as 1 cup), or after it's cooked and has expanded?"
369,qpkw1d,nutrition,Some foods I’ve noticed have glycerin in them like gum and protein bars. But also other things like the fit spray for fruits and vegetables. I don’t want to eat the blueberries I sprayed fit on if glycerin is bad,Is glycerin bad or good for you?
370,qpkirr,nutrition,"The macros for 100g are: 2.8g Fat (0.6 saturated), 75.5g Carbs (22.4g sugar), 8.6g Fibers, 8.5g protein.
They also claim to have many vitamins and Iron.
Is it still complete trash because its highly processed or can it be a snack from time to time?",Nesquick cereals has a Nutri-Score A. Can anybody tell my what this means?
371,qpiy7h,nutrition,"I'm new to the keto diet(low-carb, high-fat) and love trying food from new cultures/countries.
Are there any cuisines low in carbs (sugar, starchy vegetables, fruits, flour)?",Cuisine low in carbs?
372,qphkmt,nutrition,"Hi I would like advice i’ve been trying to loose weight while know.
It has not went down even tho I’m eating less than I supposedly use in a day.
Today for example I’ve only eaten around 1900 kcal and I know for certain I burn more than 2000 kcal I’ve been to work I’ve been to the gym but still haven’t lost jack ****.",Trying to loose weight but its not going down
373,qpgnm8,nutrition,Has anyone made a tool to aggregate a list of food and nutrition into a list to find shortfalls?,Spreadsheet tool importing nutrition data
374,qpged1,nutrition,"Looking for some high protein options that are not meat. 

Thank you in advance!",Non-Meat Recommendations
375,qpfzsw,nutrition,"I have a friend who got the virus over the summer and ever since, has been disgusted by meat. This has caused her to usually only consume carbs + veggies and she is severely undereating on protein.

I was looking for some recommendations for other protein packed foods that are not meat! Even quick simple recipes if that is easier. Thank you in advance!",Non-Meat Protein Options
376,qpehtz,nutrition,"Are there any major cuisines that are naturally lower in fat than others?

Ie, cuisines and cultures that tend to consume less fatty foods?",What world cuisines are naturally low in fat?
377,qpbs57,nutrition,"[https://imgur.com/a/wlsrgYd](https://imgur.com/a/wlsrgYd)

Hope this doesn't break sub rules.. sorry! Anyway, I realize this is on me for even considering the nutrition of instant ramen, but just for self enlightenment, perhaps you could clear this up for me -

10.4g of carbs, per 100g prepared (first column, 3 down) --- given net weight of 62g I'd assume it'd be around 6-7g of carbs, total.

But then on the second column it states 37.7g of carbs per portion, and it states one portion as one bag. What? Even if it's counting the added water, well, water has no carbs..? Am I missing something?",Deciphering these nutrition facts for instant ramen
379,qp4pw4,nutrition,"I just started college recently and found myself snacking on glycerine and fruit juice throat lozenges at most 5 times a day.

I’m looking for a healthier alternative of some kind of thing to give some flavor and keep me going during the day, (possibly something that would be good for me even though I’m a generally healthy person?)

Any recommendations?",Healthy vitamin-like “snack” recommendations?
380,qp4nqf,nutrition,"What is inherently wrong with meats like salami, hams, etc. 
 What in the ""processing"" process makes them all less desirable than their fresh counterparts. 

Seems like this is often a recommendation but I've never really understood why it's looked at as ""unhealthy""",What is wrong with processed meats
381,qp1ne5,nutrition,"Probably the most basic question ever, but from google it's saying that 100g of cooked chicken breast is 31g of protein? Making sure this is right because I require around 40g per meal and making sure I'm getting that amount. Thanks, be kind!",Help measuring chicken.
382,qp06hu,nutrition,"In a year
 ·My triglycerides went from 124 to 62
 · HDL cholesterol 53 to 55
 ·LDL Cholesterol 76 to 91 
this is good or bad?",Cholesterol Good or Bad?
383,qoypxa,nutrition,"Trying to switch to brown rice when you eat a lot of white rice can be hard, do you all have any brown rice types/brands/cooking methods that you swear by?",What's your favorite brown rice?
384,qoy9j9,nutrition,"Recently I️ was reading about heavy metals in vegan protein shakes. I️ have been using a vegan shake product by Garden of Life for a few years. Their products had high amounts of metals. I️ am thinking of transitioning to something else. 

I️’m not a vegan, but I️ avoid shakes with whey because I️ don’t tolerate dairy well.

I️ would appreciate any suggestions. Thanks!",post-workout protein shakes
385,qowzi9,nutrition,"If I’m at the deli counter, what are the least processed cuts? Not to eat all the time of course, but out of convenience that is needed at times.",Least processed deli meat?
386,qovazq,nutrition,This a serious question please don’t report me,Does L carnatine help people to poo
388,qou621,nutrition,how does that work?,"guava leaf extract provides zinc, does that mean guava leaf tea would also?"
389,qot3iw,nutrition,"I'm looking for snack-type items that contain a lot of nutrients and protein. Preferably that you don't have to cook and that are relatively quick to eat, just to give you a good energy boost during the day! Thanks!",What are some good snacks that contain a lot of nutrients?
390,qosnde,nutrition,I'm 5'6 and fluctuate between 128 -132 pounds seemingly randomly (depends on how much excercise I'm doing/ how picky my eating is that week) which according to an online calculator is within a healthy BMI. Is this okay for my body?,Is it normal for weight to fluctuate frequently between a few pounds?
391,qoryir,nutrition,I’m not too into gaining muscle in general but I worked like to add some volume in my  rather flat glute. Will protein help?,Does taking protein help grow glute as well?
392,qorwcs,nutrition,Anyone who understand the science pls?..,How often and When to eat carbs and how much each time is the healthiest lifestyle?
393,qoqpiv,nutrition,"For example, do a lot of you cut out bread all together? I'm sure eliminating soda is a big one as well. Just curious if there's certain things that are a little less obvious that one could/should stop consuming","We always talk about foods to add, but what are some less obvious foods to get rid of in your diet for healthy results?"
394,qomgzf,nutrition,"If anyone wants to support her then go and check out her Instagram @ adoseofmonte

And her patreon is [https://www.patreon.com/adoseofmonte](https://www.patreon.com/adoseofmonte)",Nutrition Coach for $5
395,qojpfr,nutrition,"I never had a proper balanced diet. Always ate whatever I could due to insane number of classes. 
I’m in my 20s and now I want to try a healthy lifestyle. 
Was wondering if anyone can suggest a proper full on healthy balanced diet, since I get confused by all the different recommendations different websites give me?",Regarding a healthy balanced diet
396,qoeufd,nutrition,"So can anyone guide me regarding this issue?

I am extremely confused by this anabolic BCAA and how it's different from regular BCAA. Very few information is available on this matter.

The reason of my confusion is that anabolic steroids also have kind of similar name. So can there be some kind of risk of steroid presence?

 I first saw this on muscletech's product nitrotech whey gold and after that some on a few other products as well.


Thank you.",Anabolic BCAA vs regular BCAA
397,qocei9,nutrition,"[Amazon link to product if matters](https://www.amazon.com/Natures-Bounty-Zinc-Caplets/dp/B08YLTCDTN/ref=sr_1_7?keywords=nature+50+mg+zinc&amp;qid=1636241961&amp;qsid=133-7013384-3029048&amp;rdc=1&amp;sr=8-7&amp;sres=B000GCQ8X0%2CB01FCFOIN2%2CB08YLTCDTN%2CB07X4BCTCD%2CB00TDFFEE0%2CB08P7RDCHM%2CB093CG3WQP%2CB0774YM6QW%2CB08S5XCPXG%2CB08PMYF5FQ%2CB000PV9GUY%2CB0001VU01C%2CB009K6TN08%2CB000I4DGEK%2CB08PMRK4J1%2CB00INAYHMQ%2CB00XRPTKUQ%2CB00E4MRRSI%2CB073V397VF%2CB0061GLEZW&amp;srpt=MINERAL_SUPPLEMENT)

Considering: 1) Zinc gluconate has 14% elemental zinc. 

2) the ""caplet"" actually weighs 666 mg

Then, I assume they are talking 50 mg of elemental zinc? 

Reason I ask is I'm making my own concentrated electrolyte solution, and I want to use up these pills (if they will dissolve), before buying a more pure zinc compound. 

Thanks!!","When, for example, Nature's bounty 's 50 mg Zinc caplet says on the back ""50mg (as Zinc Gluconate)"" do they mean 50mg of elemental Zinc? or 50mg of Zinc Gluconate (Therefore only 7.1mg of elemental zinc)?"
398,qoc77k,nutrition,"I am working on building muscle not loosing weight or fat just building and toning. I know I need to up my calories but I physically cannot fit enough food in my stomach and I have a finicky stomach that makes eating a bit rough. Basically I need help choosing cheap, high calorie, easy to eat foods. Please help!",Daily caloric intake
400,qo8i27,nutrition,"For the past two in a half weeks, I’ve been eating applesauce using only a blender, soak in saltwater to stop browning, and rinse and put them in a blender. I add no unhealthy additives like whip cream, or other sugars. I want to know if I’m getting the nutrients from the blended fruits?",Is homemade applesauce made from whole fruit bad?
401,qo7lrw,nutrition,Does anyone have any recommendations for an effective quality B-Complex supplement?,B-Complex Supplement
402,qo6ldp,nutrition,"Can somone recommend me an accurate smart scale. I have searched many of them, but when I am about to buy one I read a negative review. I want it to measure the following settings:

Body fat percentage
Muscle mass
Bone mass
Water percentage

Of course I know that the measurements can't be 100% accurate but I need smth to base on. Thanks",Is there any accurate Smart Scale?
403,qo5cn4,nutrition,From what I can find they are simple carbs. Is this correct?,Are onions a simple or complex carb?
404,qo4huq,nutrition,Article,https://medium.com/@yaserjelloo/neurology-is-fish-the-key-to-a-healthy-brain-343c09b61b93
405,qo440k,nutrition,"I am trying to bulk, but in my area due to budget issues and lack of a full kitchen, I have tried to come up with the simplest thing for me to make to meet my needs and goals. 

Currently, I am wanting to try this and need suggestions on editing anything, adding anything for macro needs.

Chicken

Rice

and Brocalli 

Two protein smoothes (one in the morning and at night)

1st one is a handful of blueberries, strawberries, and a banana, and some lactose-free milk with fat-free greek yogurt and a handful of old fashioned oatmeal, and a scoop of protein and creatine

2nd one at night is protein scoop, lactose-free milk, a handful of old-fashioned oats, two tablespoons of peanut butter, and a banana.

Is there anything I should add to have a healthy diet with this, please read this ignoring the fact I will get bored of the meal, this is only temporary and would really like suggestions",Hey guys a question about a meal plan I'm trying to come up with.
406,qo3p0n,nutrition,"I would like to start taking 25,000 IU of natural beta-carotene in supplement/pill form for many of its benefits, the main one being its skin benefits.

But after reading how it was for smokers, I kind of became a bit hesitant.

I personally wouldn't classify myself as a smoker, as I only smoke a few cigarettes on occasions, and even then I don't usually inhale the smoke, I just puff.

However, another concern for me is second-hand smoking, as I'm usually around people that smoke often.

Am I a good candidate for taking 25,000 IU of natural beta-carotene supplements without increasing the likelihood of things like getting cancer in the future? Or should I just forget about it?",Natural Beta-Carotene Supplement for Occasional Smoker or Someone Prone To Second Hand Smoking?
407,qo0p8z,nutrition,"Sardines have low mercury content and high selenium, and they usually come canned in water or oil.

One might prefer those canned in olive oil since it's high in MUFAs, though it also has more omega 6 than 3. People may want to eat sardines to increase omega 3:6 ratio. Also, is it possible for the olive oil to ""remove"" omega 3s from the sardines, forcing people to consume the olive oil?

In water, it has much more omega 3 than 6.","What's healthier, canned sardines in water vs in oil?"
408,qo01c5,nutrition," 

During a well maintained nutritional ketosis, how much of a negative impact fruits/fructose cause? Obviously body gets kicked out of ketosis immidiatelly, but what is the process and is there any damage to lean muscle tissue while switchting between fructose to ketones?",Fruits and Ketogenic diet.
409,qnypb9,nutrition,"Most supplements I see miss out on a few vitamins or minerals here and there(I'm guessing it's probably to avoid the possibility of overdosing certain nutrients that have tighter daily limits?).
But is there a supplement out there that actually provides every single essential micronutrient?",Is there a supplement that carries every single micronutrient needed for survival?
410,qnyi9k,nutrition,"The only posts I could find about this are about 10y old and about brands that are ""more sugar than water"", sorry if there was previous discussion on this I couldn't find.

I was in the store today looking at some flavored drinks.

I need to drink more water (a LOT more than I currently do, not just for dieting reasons but also other health related reasons my doctor told me) + I found I remember to drink a lot more when it has some flavor to it. I make tea while at home but sometimes I'm in a hurry to go out and don't have tea ready. If I just grab a normal bottle of water, I end up barely drinking it.

I noticed a section with basically flavored water. I think this would be perfect for me, I can keep a few bottles in my fridge and if I'm ever in a hurry and don't have tea ready, just grab one of these. I am limiting my calorie count but another 100calories every once in a while I can just substitute for my daily snack so it's not an issue.

The label looks decent enough - there are some that claim to have as little as 5 calories in 500ml bottle, like this peach tea version:

https://world.openfoodfacts.org/product/5908260253431/vitamin-tea-zero-peach-flavour-oshee-vitamin

Or some that have quite a bit more like this one, about 100 calories in a 500ml bottle (I've tried this one, and personally I would water it down even further, maybe in a 1L tumbler with another 500 ml normal water 😅 because it's delicious but WAY too sweet for me) (it's basically on par with a lot of other iced tea drinks in terms of sugar it seems, though the actual taste I personally find is much sweeter somehow):

https://m.ebag.bg/en/drink-oshee-water-with-vitamins-and-minerals-555-ml/17785

What are your thoughts on these? Here are some specific things I'm wondering about:

Are they healthy-ish, other than the added sugar, or is there anything else to watch for (like how diet sodas contain some very unhealthy chemicals, like aspertame)?

Are the ""vitamins"" listed actually anything, or is it such a small amount that it's practically just there for the marketing?

Are ones like the 2nd link ""more sugar than water"" like some of the old posts mentioned (I am still new to nutrition label reading, apologies if it is a dumb question)?

Is there any benefit to drinking something like the 2nd link compared to a regular sugary drink, like ice tea for example,  with the same calorie count (like Lipton/Nestea)?

Apologies in advance if my English is bad, I have a headache today so a bit bad at proofreading what I wrote 😅","Thoughs about ""vitamin water"" type drinks? Are they any better than regular sugary drinks?"
411,qnxbif,nutrition,"I want to be energized throughout the whole day and maintain performance( Streaming for 8 hours ).
What type of foods do you guys recommend.thanks",Nutrition noob here.
412,qnuah6,nutrition,"Hi, I was looing at the nutrition labels on bacon and I noticed something weird. The serving sizes and the serving number never matchup correct.

For e.g. Oscar Mayer Naturally Hardwood Smoked Bacon has this on it's nutrition label:

Serving Size **2 skilled cooked slices (19g)**

Servings per container **About 9**

Weight of the package **16 oz**

&amp;#x200B;

So based on the above info, the container has **9 servings of 19 grams** which will be **9\*19 = 171 grams**. But **171 grams** is **only 6 ounces** whereas the **packet is 16oz**. I know that the packet says ""about 9 servings"" but that seems way off. Am I missing something? Am I reading the label wrong somehow?

&amp;#x200B;

Here is a link to some nutrition labels exhibiting this issue: [https://i5.walmartimages.com/asr/8be5c913-259d-4173-b29a-d0df352e1ad9.01697ed7bad3c3df82a113ee376a7ffc.jpeg?odnHeight=612&amp;odnWidth=612&amp;odnBg=FFFFFF](https://i5.walmartimages.com/asr/8be5c913-259d-4173-b29a-d0df352e1ad9.01697ed7bad3c3df82a113ee376a7ffc.jpeg?odnHeight=612&amp;odnWidth=612&amp;odnBg=FFFFFF)",Incorrect nutrition labels?
413,qntgf2,nutrition,"Basically, I kinda just ignored my hunger until I got to a point where I don’t notice I’m hungry until it’s been 9-12 hours since my last meal. I haven’t seen any weight loss or change in my body. Of course if I notice I’m hungry, I’ll eat but I ALWAYS check the calories. I don’t think I exceed the daily 2,000 calorie limit for women. Is my eating habit going to eventually lead to some weight loss? I’ve been doing this since September.",I kinda trained myself to be okay with hunger? Is this harmful?
414,qnr9sq,nutrition,"Does it really matter which meal is the largest? Example: breakfast: cup of coffee and scoop of low calorie protein powder. 
Lunch: most days is skipped 
Dinner: largest meal (lean protein, carb, veggies and salad with a small sweet snack for dessert)",Does it matter which meal is the largest?
415,qnqk15,nutrition,I’m looking for a whey protein shake out there that doesn’t contain any chemical sweeteners like ace-K or sucralose. Haven’t found any leads yet,Anyone know of any protein shakes out there like fairlife corepower or premier/ pure protein without sucralose or chemical sweeteners?
416,qno52f,nutrition,"I have heard so much about the imporance of sufficient protein intake (compared to other macronutrients) - protein bars, powders, protein enriched pasta etc seem to be more popular than ever, but I couldn’t find any studies that would show that high or moderate protein intake is somehow healthier than a low protein intake (as long as one is consuming enough calories). Actually, the opposite seems to be the case (high protein intake associated with cancer and cardiovascular disease). So I was wondering why protein intake is so important and what happens when someone eats less protein than recommended (for example 0.5g per kg).",Why does the nutrition community place so much value on protein intake?
417,qnn0ob,nutrition,"Yes, they are pretty boring. However, they will extend your life.  They are everything we're talking about.  Bananas.",Eat bananas. For health.
418,qnl7o4,nutrition,Does consuming less fats equal to body fat reduction?,Nutrition Question
419,qnk83l,nutrition,"
So I’ve seen that boiled potatoes rate the highest on the satiety index. But boil save them for later  and were to reheat them in a microwave does that mess how “satisfying” they will be. Not in taste only in how your body reacts to them.",Dumb question about boiling potatoes
420,qnisx9,nutrition,Γλυκο Σοκολατας χωρις Ζαχαρη.,Γλυκό σοκολάτας με βρώμη χωρίς ζάχαρη-Chocolate dessert with oats withou...
421,qng8x7,nutrition,"Are there any studies done on how the benefits (that are already proven in studies) of a high fiber diet depend on the amount of fiber? Especially in the higher range, like, if you consume 70 grams of fiber already, is adding even more still beneficial? I know the hadza consume 100-150 grams, so i suspect that this could be the optimal amount and maybe there are studies proving that 100+ is superior to 50, 60, 70 or something.",Optimal amount of fiber
422,qng0o6,nutrition,"I can understand the fatphobia part cus truly, BMI as a measure of individual fatness is inherently flawed as it doesn’t give a clear picture of fat distribution. But the racism and sexism part? I need answers.","Is the BMI fatphobic, sexist and racist ?"
424,qncyk7,nutrition,"What's your thoughts on which option is more ""healthy""? Is there are any difference?",Frozen pizza or delivery?
425,qncv91,nutrition,"Vegetables, fruits, everything you can eat. But mostly base products of course because it's much easier.",Is there any app/site that gives an estimate nutrition score for most foods?
426,qncuwp,nutrition,"So I was reading on natural nitrates and nitrites and apparently root vegetables have quite a lot of nitrates. During cooking, they convert into nitrites which isn't a problem but when combined with protein *and then heated*, they create nitrosamines. This got me wondering all the applications of this scenario in cooking and the biggest one I can think of is stews. A stew is basically meat (protein) and vegetables (nitrites) slowly cooking over a long period of time which means they are chock full of nitrosamines, right? Do stews then increase the rate of cancer? This reminds me of cured and processed meats which also have the same issue with added sodium nitrates. 

This also applies to leftovers as vegetables and meat combine and are reheated, are leftovers also bad?

But in the end, I must be missing something because no one is advocating to not eat stews or leftovers so can someone shed some light on the science of this?",Are stewed vegetables with meat carcinogenic?
427,qncm6q,nutrition,"I have something of a sweet tooth. Candy, cake, ice cream. You name it, I’ll eat it.


What are the benefits of giving up said sweets and sugary drinks?

Nutrition and health and appearance wise… what changes?",Benefits of giving up sweets?
428,qn94fx,nutrition," [**Almond Intake - when excessive?**](https://www.reddit.com/r/KetoScienceQuestions/comments/qn9203/almond_intake_when_excessive/)📷

Dear All,

I use a lot of almond butter for cooking and almonds as snack. I noticed that I consumed 2kg of almonds this month. Now I wonder (i) when does almond intake becomes excessive and (ii) what are the consequences of excessive almond intake?",Almond Intake - when excessive?
429,qn92v4,nutrition,"Google say you shouldnt consume more than 4 grams of ginger per day. that amount seems very little to me, sprinkling grated 4gs of ginger into a stir fry seems like almost nothing. Yesterday i ate A LOT of ginger, soup with about 8 grams and kimchi with about 12 grams itself or something and a few hours later, coinciding with the time food needs to reach the lower intestine, i felt sudden calmness that is very unsual for me with anxiety. i have some digestive troubles and suppose ginger could have calmed my gut. i would like to try to eat more ginger daily over a period of time and see if i feel good with it, but think i should go much higher than that. 

I googled more thoroughly now and i think maybe by 3-4 grams they mean extract? It is similar with turmeric, google says 0.5-2 grams daily, but here im more sure that they mean the extract, because they say this amount has been used in studies and i know that studies use this amount of curcumin. the amount of turmeric root needed to get as much curcumin is also about 20-25 grams, and turmeric and ginger are similar plants, probably similar amounts are needed for the benefits etc. This is also the amount that seems almost natural to me to use in cooking and i have used intuitively before i read about the recommendations, just for taste.",How much ginger is too much?
430,qn7kha,nutrition,What snacks or bars have  low GI and can be eat immediately ?,What snacks or bars have low GI and can be eat immediately ?
431,qn4xds,nutrition,It includes fruits herbs and vegetables,Is juicing everything in your diet generally a bad idea
432,qn0xnt,nutrition,"I am very much in need of new supplements and came across these on Amazon: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B077NJWDQS/ref=cm_sw_r_apan_glt_fabc_2GSSVKCDC5SK9RV07X7N

The brand seems to be rated positively but I can't find many reviews outside of the ones on Amazon. It has over 70 ratings but only 4 reviews which is kind of odd to me.

Does anyone have experience with using this brand?",Is Nutrigold a reliable brand?
433,qmy6ox,nutrition,"I see its low in cholesterol and awfully high in protein in comparison to regular fish like salmon. 

So what's the catch? (No pun intended)",What are the cons of imitation crab meat.
434,qmwbgw,nutrition,"Hi folks,

There are certain groups of people that are still recommended to specifically reduce their consumption of fat as a macronutrient. From personal experience, I'm familiar with post-cholecystectomy patients (not all of them, but commonly). Also I believe people with pancreatic issues. And finally I've heard of many people with fatty liver who have been advised to cut down on fat.

What I find interesting is how much low fat eating has fallen out of favor among the general population. As somebody prescribed such a diet, it's difficult to find recipes or information about it online without encountering a slew of articles talking about how science has reversed course and we now know that certain fats are considered healthy.

At 32, I'm not old enough to remember a time when low fat diets *were* in vogue. But I understand that it wasn't all that long ago that they were considered the normative ""healthy eating"" advice irrespective for everybody.

My question is when, approximately, did that shift in thinking occur? Are there still any reputable bodies that advocate for this way of eating? Or has the tide truly shifted against low fat?",When did low fat diets fall out of favor in the nutritional world?
435,qmtsh1,nutrition,"Hey bros, just wondering how sensible it would be to wake up at night every 2.5 hours to drink a protein shake and go right back to sleep afterwards. If we use common sense it would actually prevent the catabolic phase completely and we should be in a constant anabolic phase, shouldn't we? Just wanted to hear your guys opinion on that.",Preventing Catabolism
436,qmqx4q,nutrition,"So I was doing a little research into calories and macronutrients and came across something I couldn't find an answer through Google. As everyone knows, most calories come from carbs, fats, or proteins. But as I learned today, a serving of whisky, for example, contains basically zero protein/fat/carbs but still has about 100 calories because the alcohol itself contains calories.

My question is, are there other nutrients besides alcohol and ""the big three"" that contain calories?",Calories and Macronutrients
437,qmjv2y,nutrition,Would eating a high carb breakfast and eating absolutely little to no carbs the rest of the work or am I setting myself up for failure??,I've heard of carb cycling and do rather enjoy it but...
438,qmhniz,nutrition,"Or if there a better alternative, please recommend.","Is ""Heinz Salad Cream"" more nutritious than the ""Hellmanns Light Mayonnaise""? I am tryin to decide which one to use for Sandwich."
439,qmfq5b,nutrition,"What do you think abut this? 
https://www.isical.ac.in/~goutam.paul/onion.pdf

I always thought that garlic is holy grail in almost everything, but now I am worried if its even safe..",Is garlic toxic?
440,qmcsxh,nutrition,"I'm devastated. I loved the white chocolate raspberry bars. Does anyone have a suggestion on a protein bar I can switch to? I really liked oatmega bars because of the whey, fiber, and lack of sugar alcohols.",Just found out oatmega bars are no longer being produced
441,qm8u61,nutrition,We make smoothies almost daily- mainly just frozen fruit post-workout. Most recently we had the ninja with the push-top power button but we’ve gone through a couple of the containers because the bottom cracks. What works for y’all?,What blender do you like?
442,qm796f,nutrition,"My question is fairly obvious from a typical diet standard, but assuming you hit legs for example once a week and during the day of legs and the following day you are at a caloric surplus, then the rest of the week a deficit. Would your legs typically grow while technically maintaining a cut?",Can you build muscle on a single muscle group while in a weekly deficit?
443,qm4tav,nutrition,"Low cal, high protein meals that still have some flavor...",Your favorite meals for cutting weight?
444,qm46yt,nutrition,"I was wondering if any of you have some other partially accurate ways to measure food when you don't have access to a scale or nutritional info. Every time I've tried counting calories, I always lose track bc I get lazy and dont realize how much grams x serving of x food was and stuff. 

My work sometimes requires me to be away from home for a while and eat food provided by them so I cant always have actual measurements to count when I get home.

Im willing to try anything, whether it be using hand measurements, other comparisons or whatever. 

&amp;#x200B;

thanks",Other methods of measuring food?
445,qm0d87,nutrition,"Hi All,

I recently found out that Nestle owns the Pure Encapsulations brand as well as the Garden of Life brand.  I am trying to keep from purchasing anything owned by the Nestle company so I am wondering: Is there a better alternative multivitamin to take other than the Pure Encapsulations ONE multivitamin, and better green powder other than the Garden of Life green powder. I like how complete the PE multi is in one capsule and I only use the green powder in smoothies. Thanks in advance!",Alternatives to Pure Encapsulations O.N.E multivitamin and Garden of Life green powder
446,qlyvth,nutrition,Is it dangerous to consume very minimal amounts of cholesterol daily?,Is it possible to cut cholesterol out of your diet completley?
447,qlwb1a,nutrition,"I've been reading up on the benefits of resistant starch being good for you, as far as essentially being a prebiotic. But having a hard time finding anything on if non resistant starch also has it's benefits, or is non resistant starch bad for you?",Non resistant vs resistant starch
448,qlu1j5,nutrition,Recently started taking fish oil everyday. I am curious to know what changes others have experienced after taking fish oil!,What are some changes you noticed after starting to take fish oil supplements?
449,qlt31v,nutrition,"Basically the title. What do you think the best food would be to eat after strenuous exercise, like weightlifting, running, or boxing? I’m thinking best for recovery and giving your body the most nutrients it needs to rebuild torn muscles so that you can have optimum gains. Additionally, does this food/nutrient help with replenishing your glycogen stores so your back to exercising at your highest capacity? 
I guess I’m asking if a wonder food exists that will magically repair my body and give me fuel to get me going again at a high intensity the next day, which I know a single food alone doesn’t exist. But if you had to choose one, which would it be and why?",Best food/nutrient to consume after exercise
450,qlrqv8,nutrition,"Have you managed to make frozen veggies delicious? Some, like broccoli or spinach, aren't the problem but others like zucchini or carrots? Other than soups or smoothies, is there any way to prepare them so that they're not a soggy chewy mess?",Frozen veggies that taste good!?
451,qlr578,nutrition,"Every time I lurk through recipes there are those fancy folks that fry or bake with holistic organic extra virgin cold press oils. And I don't really get it. Like OK raw oils are maybe better in salads because you can really taste the oil and so on. But in heat cooking? Isn't the whole process of refining oils serving the purpose of removing all the dangerous particles so they don't smoke into carcinogenic stuff?

So is it just a fancy trend or am I not getting something?",Are extra virgin / cold pressed / raw oils really better? Even in heat cooking?
452,qlr2gh,nutrition,Is there a specific calorie level at which a snack should no longer be considered a snack and might as well just count as another meal?,At what point does a snack become a meal?
453,qlqn1l,nutrition,See title I guess,Is tallow healthier than vegetable oils?
454,qln3ux,nutrition,"So after the thread yesterday, and just perusing the sub today and reading through various threads, this whole nutrition thing seems pretty confusing. There seems to be a lot of conflicting information out there, it seems that it is easier for us to say something is unhealthy than it is for us to say that it is healthy. With that being said, it seems that I can find a study that supports anything that I want. If I wanted to eat nothing but ground beef and carrots, I fee like I could probably find a study that supports that diet. I have found a few things that everyone agrees on: Refined food is bad, avoid too much sugar, and drink water. What gives? Why is nutrition so confusing?",Who am I supposed believe? Who can I trust?
455,qll8du,nutrition,"I'm 16, 5'5 and 170 pounds. I've been recently working out because I have a lot of belly fat, man boobs (They're not big but just stick outwards) and I've been wondering, would it be good for me to completely cut breakfast to lose more weight? I'm trying to get to 130 pounds.",Skipping Meals.
456,qljtyt,nutrition,According to study,"How many percentage impact does each have to overall health?Diet,lifestyle,sleeping"
457,qlfusc,nutrition,I heard it releases a dangerous chemical called diacetyl. I cooked a bag of hot microwave cooked popcorn and opened it right away out of the microwave while the hot steam was still being released near my face for a bit while I was picking out the bad popcorn pieces for a couple minutes . How dangerous is this ?,Is eating microwave popcorn right out of microwave dangerous ?
458,qlfnck,nutrition,"I have been meal prepping for quite some time now, I usually try to prep at least one, sometimes two meals per day, and at the time  that I make them everything seems good and I’m excited to eat them every day, but then the second I put them in the fridge, the thought of eating the food repulsed me. I want to throw up. It absolutely disgusts me. 

I cannot eat leftovers and if I do, it can’t be more than 2-3 days. I’m trying to be healthy, I’m trying to be good with my money, but this meal prepping is grossing me out. 

What do I do? I’m trying to eat 3+ meals a day to meet my fitness goals",Meal prepping makes me want to puke
459,qlel9w,nutrition,"I came across this [Article](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.insider.com/man-pays-loans-buys-house-after-eating-at-six-flags-2021-10%3famp) about a man that ate at a theme park for 7 years with a day pass, so the pass gave him two foods a day for a year so he just kept going there for lunch and dinner, on FB everyone just kept saying he would day earlier due to this but I was wondering, if you were to track the calories using MyFitnessPal or something and you stay within healthy ranges on calories/macros and compensating any imbalances in your breakfast would this strategy actually work without loosing years of your life in the process?",Can you life of junk food as long as you keep track of the calories?
460,qld9wn,nutrition,"Hello all,
I am curious what your tips are to make veggies more palatable without losing their nutrients?",Best way to consume vegetables
461,qlcbyv,nutrition,"So I hired a nutritionist off of Instagram on a whim thinking they might help me put together a good winter bulk. It was Jon Heck Instagram: @what_the_heck71 It didn’t last 2 weeks because of his personality and odd requests for respect when I simply asked and wanted him to write a plan with more calories. Don’t waste your time with an under qualified individual from social media like him.

Unfortunately this is not verbatim because I had deleted the conversation but essentially what I had said was


“Hey whatsup man so I can text you pictures later but there wasn’t much visual change in a week” 
“Send me a diet to gain weight not a low calorie diet”

He responds
“I will send you a meal plan for the week when you send pictures and an update as stated in the initial email.”
“Lets get one thing straight man, if you want me to coach you. You have to start addressing me with respect. Dont ever text me like that again if you want to work with me.”

I kinda laughed at this with a coworker before responding with something that was actually disrespectful 

Also when I reached out to him about losing weight too fast last week he responded “didnt even make it a week lol” and this guy wants to go on to me about respect

Reason I made this post is I think people should know who they are working with before they send them money.

His meal plan wasn’t anything revolutionary and I’d be glad to message it to anyone whose interested.",Poor service from Instagram “Nutritionist” Jon Heck
462,qlc4j8,nutrition,"Why is a boneless chicken thigh less calories than bone-in if were not eating the bone?

Boneless is somehow leaner I guess, but why??

Dark meat is dark meat, right?",Boneless Chicken Thigh vs Bone-in Chicken Thigh.
463,qlbsgq,nutrition,"Since brain development stops at 25, is there any nutrition I should be consuming daily to support the developing process? 
I’m 23 and already feel like my brain isn’t functioning as well as it used to. 
Thanks in advance!",Nutrition for Brain Development
464,ql9lys,nutrition,"I don't know about you guys but something I gradually became aware of which I thought was quite funny and interesting. Never have I eaten any amount of potato chips or an entire bag for that matter and felt satiation. I could always keep going if I wanted to. There's never been a feeling of ""ah that hit the spot"". Like a piece of chocolate or a slice of cake even. 

The flavour is kind of other worldy bite for bite with potato chips, I don't think there's anything like it. There's no end to how well they can be seasoned, It's the seasoning that's so appetising. Delicious while I'm munching on them but never leaves me satisfied for some reason. 


Does anyone else feel a similar way about them?",On Potato Chips
465,ql8v3s,nutrition,Something I can make once a day that will satisfy all of my body’s needs. Preferably vegan.,Any ideas for nutritionally balanced meals?
466,ql6xnx,nutrition,"According to a macros calculator for my body weight/size and weight loss goals, I'm being recommended 196g of protein per day. I do IF 16:8, strength train/mild cardio 3x a week (soon to be 5x) -- in addition to work and grad school, I only have time about twice a day to actually sit down and eat between noon and 8 pm, especially considering it takes me about 6 to even get hungry (lunch around noon, snack around 4, dinner around 6:30/7).

What are you recommendations for protein? I can't just eat like 8 pieces of chicken in a day lol with the veggies and whatnot I need in my meals. Are protein meal replacements like Huel worth it? I don't mind the earthy/raw tastes of powders or supplements, so recommendations don't have to be based on flavor, just max protein value for the cost. Thanks!",Recommendations for 150-200g protein consumption per day?
467,ql5acc,nutrition,"I assume beta-carotine/provitamin A are not needed, if one gets their vitamin A through preform A/retinol(carnivore). Or possibly the preform is not needed, if one gets enough proform in their diet(vegetarian).",Do humans need provitamin A for optimum health?
468,ql4dvt,nutrition,"I buy a lot of stuff from MP, and have been for years now, I like their protein powders. But something has bugged me more as of late.

These sales constantly happening - which is great - but it has been like that forever. But everytime I buy protein powder there's a sale ranging from 20-60%. And no mather the % the price is basically the same, which is still pretty great. But common, whats the need for this if it's basically the same price.",MyProtein sales are questionable
469,ql42c9,nutrition,"Does anyone do this? I really don't like powdered collagen in my drinks, I can never get it to dissolve properly and now I've just read an academic article that claims putting it in hot coffee melts it's molecular structure, so apparently I've been wasting it lol.

I've learned to incorporate small amounts of things like kale and tumeric into just about any crockpot recipe, I'm wondering if I can do this with Collagen powder or will it still turn Jell-Oy and ruin the meal's texture..?

I'm trying to be creative because collagen actually has noticable benefits for me, any ideas are much appreciated!",Cooking with Collagen?
470,ql1k1e,nutrition,"Hello 

Assuming both are satisfied above rdi 
Is there a ratio range that should be strictly kept ?",Copper - Zinc - healthy diet ratio range
471,ql1iof,nutrition,"I can't focus at all , I can't study , I always want to sleep , I have problem with memory and I can't remember anything thing , I never had this problems before , I also have proplems",Guys I have problem here
472,qkzhok,nutrition,"Hi, I'm one of them guys who's always on and off going to the gym. However this time I'm taking things more seriously and for the past 7 months have been pretty solid training (that's what I think🤣).  

A lot of information out there is rubbish and recently found that I might be doing very wrong, so after a workout I only have a protein shake. After watching a video from a popular,experienced lifter who basically said  a protein shake after a workout isn't enough. After looking into it,I've found that maybe some kind of a  recovery shake is best.


Is this a load of BS, I've personally found that it's been good for me but I would obviously like to improve.",What is actually best after a work out?
473,qkyhxe,nutrition,"Hello all, on mobile so sorry for the poor formatting in advance. I am going to be starting a rigorous law enforcement academy in 2 months and need to drop weight in the process. I currently am running 2 miles 4 times per week and walking about the same (run away from my house and walk back). 

Due to budget restrictions (6 months of no job) what are some healthy, calorie deficit meals that I can afford? Honestly, I’m not above eating 4 boneless skinless thighs and a bunch of brown rice a day. 

Can someone give me a bit of advice please? It would be so much appreciated.",Needing some advice for calorie deficit nutrition
474,qkvk73,nutrition,"I am asking this question because I am Vegan and I always have discussions with people who seem to think that they won’t get enough “nutrients” in a vegan diet. When I ask what nutrients I usually get told to “mind my own business” or the standard “vitamin B12, iron, vitamin D”. But I was wondering, how many people actually have a medical need to eat a specialized diet? How many people will actually “literally die” if they stopped eating meat? Are most humans similar in dietary needs or is more common to need a specialized diet?",How unique are humans in terms of nutrition really?
475,qkoixh,nutrition,"I’m looking for a great, sturdy digital scale for weighing food.",Can anyone recommend a good scale for weighing food.
478,qklcl4,nutrition,"While I know that even a gram of added sugar is already too much added sugar, how much would you consider *too much?* For example, I usually add a teaspoon of brown sugar to my oats (\~5 grams) and if I see a product with more than 9 grams of added sugar, I seek to avoid it. 

So I'm curious, what's everyone's threshold or rule of thumb for added sugar? Avoid completely or a few grams is okay?",How much added sugar do you consider too much added sugar?
479,qkj914,nutrition,"I’ve been reading various sources that claim multivitamins are good for you and some that say there not good, even harmful. Can someone give me the lowdown on what I should trust?",Do multivitamins benefit overall heath?
480,qkii60,nutrition,"My job environment currently has me eating at a dining facility 90% of the time and when I went to find info on this elsewhere I couldn't find clear answers. 

Two questions:

So for a three compartment styrofoam plate how big roughly are the compartments? Like in terms of how many cups?

And for the big metal serving spoons that you find at a salad bad often roughly how big is a scoop? I'm not sure there's a clear answer on that one but maybe there's something somewhere that states an average.",Servings sizes in a cafeteria type setting
481,qkhueg,nutrition,"I've recently started drinking soy protein in the morning for breakfast. Before I used to skip breakfast all together. Other meals have improved in terms of consistent and earlier timing. But I've kept the portion the same as before, reducing slightly the amount of meat I take by replacing pork with eggs.

I get intensely hungry nowadays, especially after dinner. Whereas before my hunger was often delayed or nonexistant. After consuming protein, my hunger is often intense even after eating and especially after dinner. Why is this so?",Soy protein and hunger
482,qkho6w,nutrition,"There are so many different opinions out there so I thought at least vegetables is something everybody agrees on that they are good for you. Now I discovered some scientists/people that claim that actually vegetables aren't good for you due to them containing some toxins that  the plant makes as a protective mechanism to not get eaten by other animals and this may lead to inflammation. (Kale,etc.)

They generally advocate to not cause further inflammation to the body your diet should mostly consist of meat and getting your nutrients through other ways since not exposing the body to certain toxins is better than to do and getting micronutrients from veggies.

&amp;#x200B;

Is there any truth to this?","Are vegetables ""bad"" for you?"
483,qkf087,nutrition,"At what point does the Standard American Diet start to fall into the disordered eating categories as far as disrupting daily lifestyle, portion control, food addiction, malnutrition, etc.?",Standard American Diet Disordered Eating
484,qkcy3e,nutrition,"As an alternative to meat and also because I like my workouts, I'm wondering which one is best?",Anyone have reviews on hemp seed based protein versus the common chickpea based protein ?
485,qkbs4u,nutrition,"l live in rural Tanzania and my company provides porridge and sugar for primary school children. There is a company that provides fortified maize flour with the following minerals: iron, folic acid, iodine, vitamin A, and zinc. This is mixed with sugar to taste and provided to the children every day. 

One of the schools wants to change the menu to provide a mix of maize (unprocessed) and beans (Tanzania common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.)). Although the beans will add some protein and additional nutrition, we are unsure if the fortified porridge is better. 

For more context, we are in a very poor rural area of Tanzania and many students subsist on a diet of unfortified maize (ugali) and beans, with some occasional local greens.  

My question is; is it better that we continue with the porridge, or shift to the maize and beans? My impression is that the micro-nutrients are really important but perhaps I'm overvaluing them compared to the addition of the beans. Thank you very much",More nutritious: fortified flour porridge or regular flour with beans?
486,qka3l6,nutrition,"I understand that being in a caloric surplus will result in mass gain. But how do we know this mass is necessarily in the form of body fat, and not muscle. I've seen people gain muscle and overall mass while reducing belly fat. However, the fact that they are gaining overall mass indicates that they are indeed in a caloric surplus; therefore, burning fat whilst in a caloric surplus. It seems to me that people incorrectly us the terms ""weight gain"" and ""fat gain"" interchangeably. 

I really feel like I'm missing a key piece of the puzzle here. The way I see it, being in a caloric surplus will definitely lead to weight gain, but not necessarily fat gain. What determines whether those excess calories result in muscle or fat gain? Is it the frequency and intensity of your workouts? Or does this have anything to do with macro and micro nutrient balancing?

I'd really appreciate the help here!","If CICO is the primary driver of fat loss, how do people gain muscle and lose fat whilst maintaining roughly the same body mass?"
487,qk7gyq,nutrition,"Is there a website that has non-sponsored reviews of supplements and vitamins? There's so much smoke and mirrors from marketing that some of the not-so-healthy ingredients are often overlooked. It's still my responsibility to do the research but is there a source that's objective and trustworthy?

Thanks in advance for any input :)","Website with real, honest reviews?"
488,qk6v7i,nutrition,"Not huge of home cooking veggies and just realised that adding a little fat and salt to them changes the taste completely.

My favourite at the moment is mixing a teaspoon of pesto with broccoli and carrots.

Just wondering if anyone else has ideas for quick additions to frozen / boiled vegetables that make them taste that much better.

For context I’m not asking for ideas to make them unhealthy by deep frying or adding stupid amounts of cheese etc, but what quick (generally) low calorie additions do you do? 

Would love to hear some others ideas to try out.

Thanks in advance.",Quick frozen vegetables - ideas on condiments?
489,qk695g,nutrition,"So my son’s taking sustagen for kids, it says to prepare solution with water at room temp to maintain probiotic activity. He HATES it like this and wants it cold.. am I able to mix it at room temp then refrigerate it?",Can I cool down Sustagen without ruining probiotic activity?
491,qk3k1w,nutrition,Sugars and fibers do not add up to the total carbohydrate values on many food labels. What are the common carbohydrates that stay undeclared and how can they impact nutrition ?,Sugars and fibers do not add up to total carbohydrate on nutrition labels.
492,qk2rqm,nutrition,"If I had to read one book on nutrition, what book should it be. I know its hard to pick one, but I am a buzy guy and right now even one would be good.

Thank you for your recommendations in advance. 🌹🌹",One book on nutrition.
493,qk1y75,nutrition,"I’ve been hearing this more and more these days. Antioxidant used to be praised a few years back, it’s having more of a neutral ground now; but is the question in the title true? Or are some people just making the statement to stand out from the crowd? Any studies?",Does high antioxidant consumption through diet lower the body’s own antioxidant production?
494,qjr4nt,nutrition,"Nutritional yeast is said to be a good source of magnesium and zinc.  

Now the package tells me that there is 172mg (46%) of magnesium and 7,8mg (78%) of zinc contained, but per 100 grams of the stuff? Weighing an assumed serving amount of one teaspoon resulted in almost 2 grams of nutritional yeast.

Let's say you doubled that amount, it would still only be 1,84% and 3,12% of the daily recommended amount of magnesium and zinc.

Even if you ate four tablespoons, which i think is quite a lot, it would still not come close to having a significant amount of magnesium.

Or is it all just for the taste and the nutritional part of nutritional yeast is negligible?",Is nutritional yeast not that nutritional?
495,qjq73w,nutrition,"What you get for how cheap they are, how come they aren't hyped enough?

Easy to prepare, high protein ratio, clean burning, gut friendly.",Are Organic and Gluten Free oats considered as superfood?
496,qjlklw,nutrition,"I've seen a lot of different articles that both praise and demonize oils,. Some just vegetable oil, and some all oils. Do they really pose that big of a risk to my heart health or what?",Can I still be healthy and use plant oils like crisco vegetable oil and olive oil?
497,qjkx00,nutrition,"With Halloween now here, I was going to ask about Halloween specifically, but I realize that I'd rather see where all of the holidays rank relative to one another.",Which holidays contribute most to the overweight and obesity crisis?
498,qjj8u8,nutrition,"Does anyone know which of those is worse I’m trying to gain weight and want to purchase a gainer but every gainer I see has maltodextrin or high fructose corn syrup in them. I would like to know which of them is worse than the other, thank you",Maltodextrin vs High Fructose Corn Syrup
500,qjhe1m,nutrition,"I hear a lot of talk about high fructose corn syrup being particularly bad, so, the way I see it, there's no way that carbs as an entire category behave the same way. Otherwise, why would high fructose corn syrup be so special? 

I want to know how different sources of carbs behave differently.","What are the differences in health effects of added cane sugar, added high fructose corn syrup, sugar from fruits and vegetables, and ""carbs"" naturally in things like bread and flour?"
501,qjg22w,nutrition,"I was browsing an earlier post of someone asking the difference between full and non-fat greek yogurt. Most of the comments in the thread stated non-fat foods aren't healthy, as they can add carbs or is just 'artificial,' and they have zero evidence to support these claims. They all are literally just saying since the companies purposely made it fat free, it HAS to be bad for you. I'm just...confused. Why are fat free products so demonized? And title, I'm talking about products that do not substitute added sugars in them to make up for the fat. One example I was thinking about is [Plain Greek Chobani Yogurt.](https://www.google.com/search?q=chobani+nonfat+plain+greek+yogurt+nutrition&amp;tbm=isch&amp;ved=2ahUKEwjt5sr-xPPzAhVsQkIHHbZkBXAQ2-cCegQIABAA&amp;oq=chobani+nonfat+plain+greek+yogurt+&amp;gs_lcp=CgNpbWcQARgAMgUIABCABDIECAAQHjIGCAAQCBAeMgYIABAIEB4yBggAEAgQHjIECAAQGDIECAAQGDIECAAQGDoHCCMQ7wMQJzoGCAAQBxAeOggIABAIEAcQHlBtWNAVYNYeaABwAHgAgAF3iAH-BpIBAzAuOJgBAKABAaoBC2d3cy13aXotaW1nwAEB&amp;sclient=img&amp;ei=2PZ9Ye2aJeyEieoPtsmVgAc&amp;bih=731&amp;biw=1536#imgrc=Knea8419uTqFwM) Please help me out.","Straight up, non-fat products that DON'T ADD carbs to them are fine, right?"
502,qjepwh,nutrition,"I'm seeing conflicting information online about how eating fruits in specific somehow interfere with mineral absorption of other foods you eat it with because of its acids, or how it slows digestion. I've had the habit of eating a piece of fruit with every meal, and was also under the impression that the vitamin c in fruits was helpful In absorbing non heme iron; I though fruits with each meal was overall a beneficial pairing. Just wondering if this matters or not.",Is Eating fruits with every meal bad?
503,qjc13y,nutrition,"It has an expirey on the bottle but I can’t find anything online on whether this actually expires or not. Even my sea salt has an expiry date, so I don’t always take them too seriously.

Thoughts?",Can maca root powder expire?
504,qj9lzh,nutrition,"I heard that people who only eat meat must get carbohydrates after a while. Otherwise something might happen, I didn't pick out exactly what it was.","Heard that carbohydrates are necessary, is it true?"
505,qj9kgy,nutrition,My cousin is going through puberty and is wondering what are the best foods to get the most out of his window,Best foods to eat during puberty
506,qj9h1x,nutrition,So I have zero idea where else to ask this. Anyway SLS is in a ton of stuff and it's an irritant for your skin at least so I'm a bit shocked I found it in my l theanine pills. Should I stop taking these immediately??,Sodium lauryl sulfate in supplements..?
507,qj7v7y,nutrition,Could it be helpful for people trying to maintain their calories despite low appetite?,"Are nuts (peanuts, cashew nuts, pistachios) a good alternative for breakfast for the people that wake up feeling full?"
508,qj7pcv,nutrition,Actually I am confused about whether I should rinse it or not after boiling the noodle. Is the wax coating on the noodle really bad for health? Or is that the nutrition contained in the noodle that is bad for health?,Is it safe to eat Instant noodle without rinsing ?
509,qj6bnz,nutrition,"great deal and tastes great but wondering if it's healthy? Sodium seems high and doesn't seem as healthy as cooking from scratch, but in the grand scheme how is it?",Is costco rotisserie chicken healthy?
510,qj694x,nutrition,"really convenient for meal prepping for me but curious if their healthy as ingredients also contain &lt;=2% dextrose, sodium acid pyrophosphate

reference: https://imgur.com/a/wgCtyJ3",Are frozen potatoes healthy?
511,qj24tc,nutrition,"quick question:
my day looks like this: 18hour fast (exercise while fasting) and breaking the fast with 2 tablespoon of apple cider vinegar in 300ml water, drinking whey protein and 3.5 grams of creatin dissolved in water, is this healthy or atleast not unhealthyl for breaking a fast?",breaking a fast with (see in question)
512,qj1me3,nutrition,"I know plant sources are high in ALA, but [apparently its conversion to DHA and EPA is low](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6835948/). I'm unsure of how many grams of DHA and EPA people need, so maybe the conversion is enough?

Fatty fish are great sources of DHA and EPA, but it seems like every seafood has some mercury in it. I know there are safe levels of consumption, but surely none is better than a little, right?

So what foods that are high in DHA and EPA are there? Algae? Fish oil?",Mercury-free high sources of Omega 3 DHA and EPA?
513,qixt95,nutrition,"Since Vitamin A is fat soluble.

Or should I just stick with Carrots + Avacado?",Would eating carrots with MCT Oil help with Vitamin A absorption?
514,qisf3f,nutrition,"Basically a supplement with the shortest ingredient list, thanks. 1000 IU of vitamin D is about fine. What are you preferred brands?",Looking for sugar-free vitamin D3+K2? Preferably vegan
515,qiqhxc,nutrition,"It seems to be normal because a dessert is a meal of a course. But anyway, what do you do to not give in?",How do you defeat the sugar craving after a hearty meal?
516,qiq1q0,nutrition,"Ive found multiple websites which consider them as a starchy vegetable, and others which label them as non-starchy. So which is it?",Are carrots a starchy or non-starchy vegetable?
517,qinjgd,nutrition,"Some sources say 1000 kcals is equal to 1000 calories, which is it?",Is a 1 “kcal” equal to 1000 calories?
518,qilhgp,nutrition,Does the amount of food you eat in one meal affect how fast you digest the food or the effectiveness of absorbing nutrients from food?,How long does it take to digest 100 grams of beef?
519,qiiwo5,nutrition," 

# How Dangerous Are Proton Pump Inhibitors (PPIs) For The Intestinal Flora?

[https://probioticsline.com/how-dangerous-are-proton-pump-inhibitors-ppis-for-the-intestinal-flora/](https://probioticsline.com/how-dangerous-are-proton-pump-inhibitors-ppis-for-the-intestinal-flora/)",How dangerous are Proton Pump Inhibitors (PPIs) for the intestinal flora?
520,qii1uq,nutrition,"Are bananas full of carbohydrates that would make a person put on weight? According to the weight watchers plan , they’re a free food , but probably be cautious about eating one every day. Would it be foolish to sometimes eat 2-3 a day as they’re a great on the go snack and I’m trying not to pack sandwiches, which must be higher in calories?",Bananas about bananas
521,qih4iy,nutrition,"If someone (person A) were to eat 3000 calories throughout the day (breakfast, lunch and dinner), would more of these calories be absorbed by the body than someone (person B) who eats all 3000 calories in 1 meal?

Both of these people are eating the same amount of calories, yet surely person B is absorbing less of the 3000 calories than person A. 

Im asking because people often write off intermittent fasting because the main relevant factor in weight loss is “calories in calories out”. However, if this example is correct and person B is absorbing less than person A, would this not demonstrate that food timing is also an equally relevant factor in weight loss?","How many calories can the body absorb at once? And following this, is CICO always relevant?"
522,qig1pn,nutrition,"**TL;DR:** Which is the least toxic form of inorganic selenium supplement for infant formulas: selenite, or selenate?

...

Regarding the relative health benefits, and potential toxicity, of selenite, and selenate...

...

For some reason, these two forms of inorganic selenium are the only two that are approved by the FDA for inclusion in human baby formulas.

Even though neither are in human breast milk or umbilical chord serum, which contain only organic forms of selenium, such as:

* peptidyl-selenocysteine (pronounced cystEEn) as found in glutathione peroxidase and selenoalbumin;

* selenocystamine;

* selenocystine (pronounced cystEYEn);

and other organo-selenium metabolites, including:

* methylselenocysteine,

* even free selenocysteine (highly reactive),

* and even the selenium-containing methionine homologue selenomethionine (which can sometimes infiltrate methionine-containing peptides and cause them to malfunction).

Source:

https://www.researchgate.net/publication/349726634_Digging_deeper_into_the_mother-offspring_transfer_of_selenium_through_human_breast_milk

I read in some studies that selenite is more toxic to rats than selenate, and also that selenite has a lower absorption rate than selenate in humans. (Presumably at least in part because selenate can be uptaken via an identical pathway that is used to absorb sulfate.)

Yet, most ""hypoallergenic"" baby formulas seem to use selenite rather than selenate.

The more oxidized selenate would seem to be a stronger oxidizer, I would guess... and if oxidative damage is the main reason the inorganic forms are less absorbable and have more potential to do damage, then I would hedge towards the safety of selenite as well...

But then, un-bound selenium, selenide, and selenol (R-SeH) (non-peptidyl) are also potentially dangerously reactive, and maybe selenite is one reactive step closer to forming something like that, than the extra-oxygen-bearing selenate...

(And according to the following source, this is apparently the case, selenite having a tendency to spawn free selenide.)

https://www.ilifelink.com/selenium_supplementswhy_selenate_rates_and_selenite_bites.html

Selenate, on the other hand, is apparently the inorganic form of selenium naturally uptaken from soil by plants.

So is selenate actually the safer of the only two baby-formula FDA-approved (both inorganic) forms of supplemental selenium? &gt;!(And, why are the breastmilk-identical forms of selenium such as selenocystine and selenocystamine not FDA approved for inclusion in infant formulas? Have they perhaps not been proven to keep well? Do they perhaps spoil easily, and/or react with other components of the formula powders as they sit in storage?)!&lt;

...

Apologies in advance for any mistakes or oversights with regards to the chemistry and terminology here. Any additions or corrections to the subject material at hand, or to any botched terminology, would be much appreciated; after all, I am only a novice in biochemistry.

Thank you in advance for any answers or insights.",Health / Toxicity of Selenite versus Selenate?
523,qianh9,nutrition,"I've just eaten a chicken which weighed 800 gram on the scale with the bone and finished eating it, the bones weighed 200 grams. 
There's 200 calories in 100 gram, so my question is, are the bones included in the calorie stat or do I just subtract the bones (200g) from the chicken?",Does the Bone gram count for the calories?
524,qi8vwy,nutrition,This maybe a weird or dumb question but how long does it take for your body to take on the calories you eat. For example if I were to eat like 5000 calories on Monday and another 5000 on Tuesday would all the weight I gained from eating the 10000 be added immediately or would it space it self out over time over the next few days?,Calories and food consumption question
525,qi77mi,nutrition,"For an elderly person, who just wants to be in peak health. What sort of macro ratios should they be eating? I have been reading .36g of protein per Lb of BW is ideal and .3-.4 G of Fat per lb of BW, then the rest carbs, but I figured there would be some on here, that would know better than the article authors I had read.","What is the best macro ratio for an elderly person, who does not workout(besides daily walks)?"
526,qi4tws,nutrition,"Where can I find more resources on how to boost bio availability of nutrients (e.g. cooking tomatoes to release more lycopene) or find more about effective food pairings? Any help appreciated.  


 I'd like to know more about pairings such as curcumin +piperine, or tannins affecting iron absorption.",Where to find good food pairings and boosting nutrient bio-availability?
527,qi459f,nutrition,today someone told me that putting fruit on a salad is bad as the acidity mixed with the veggies impacts digestion. i have never heard of this before in my courses in uni. i personally enjoy dried fruit (dried cranberries) and fresh fruit (fresh strawberries) on my veggie salads often. are there any research on the impact on digestion? what do you all think?,fruit on salad?
528,qi25kh,nutrition,What if you eat them at different times eating long digesting food life beef and fruits/vegetables the day after?,Does eating slow/fast digesting food both move through the gut at the same rate or does the fast digesting food get digested first?
529,qi1mxm,nutrition,"Putting. 5 gram of each in a gel capsule daily. 
I can definitely feel a boost from them. I just want to know if I'm over doing things with any of these. Just trying to be healthy. 

 I take daily...

Cumin seed
Fennel seed
Fenugreak seed
Fish oil
Vit D
Garlic  2 cloves
Tumeric root 1 Tbsp","Taking fennel, cumin &amp; fenugreek seeds in capsules daily...Anyone have insights to any of these? (Daily regimen in comments)"
530,qhzdpv,nutrition,"So...

I got a log of summer sausage. Often it is the type of snack that is on diet for me and my family (Slow carb diet) 

Brand: Bridgeford  

Listed as 0 carbs, 0 dietary fiber, 0 sugar, 0 added sugar. This is good...however...among listed ingredients, high/middle of the list is: Corn syrup solids and Dextrose. 

Am I wrong in thinking that it shouldn't be possible for there to be no carbs with those ingredients? Am I completely off?",Carb question: listed ingredients vs nutrition facts panel
531,qhz3lj,nutrition,reply to this if u need a free keto plan yall,Free keto plan lol
532,qhwoei,nutrition,Title says it all,if a probiotic is listed at the bottom of an ingredient list is it doing anything?
533,qhtzf2,nutrition,"Recently came across some ‘water enhancement’ supplements. Noticed the packaging said that it helped with the PH level by Introducing trace minerals…. Which I have heard about before and that sounded alight, but then it really focused on nano-sized hydrogen which supposedly helps you by enhancing hydration because the hydrogen in the water encourages the water to get into your bodies cells easier and faster.
Anyone have any idea/ experience with products such as this??",Hydrogen infused water supplements ?? Is this a thing?
534,qhrtdg,nutrition,For Creatine I use KRE-ALKALYN. Any good Leucine  and L-Carnatine recommendations I can find on Amazon? I use KRE-ALKALYN because powder Creatine can cause kidney stones and there’s no water weight. Anything similar to that in a Leucine  or L-Carnatine product? Preferably pill form,L-Carnatine &amp; Leucine recommendations?
535,qho618,nutrition,"I gain some extra water weights due to Creatine so should i increase calories intake to maintain my current physique or just keep eating the same?
Thanks for reading.",A question about Creatine
536,qhj7n4,nutrition,"https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2021/10/211014111217.htm

Seems ok, but some cases are weirdly rated such as poultry or beef. Could be a great tool to increase the price/tax on unhealthy foods.","Ranking healthfulness of foods from first to worst New nutrient profiling system, most comprehensive and science-based to date, clears up confusion to benefit consumers, policymakers"
537,qhcnjd,nutrition,"Hi all, 

I know that getting nutrients through whole foods is preferred, but are there any essential nutrients that would be difficult to get from food sources?",Are there essential nutrients that humans can only get via supplementation?
538,qhced6,nutrition,"I’m skeptical of this line of thinking, but I’m curious if there’s any science to back up any of the claims that humans aren’t meant to eat such and such. 

Personally, I feel like humans are meant to eat whatever they can tolerate to help them stay alive and survive. 

Is this totally wrong?",Humans aren’t meant to eat…
539,qhaiok,nutrition,besides fruit and veggies lol,Any healthy frozen foods/meals?
540,qha2eh,nutrition,"Is it possible to lose 6% body fat in 6 weeks? I was going to sign up for a challenge with a local kickboxing gym (nutrition plan + 3 classes/week for free!) but if I don’t lose the 6%, I lose my deposit ($500!). I can’t find any information online about what results are typical, just scared it’s a scam! My current body fat is 39%, I’m 5’7 at 175lb.",Body fat % loss question
541,qh74oo,nutrition,"If one were to walk on a treadmill at an incline and burn say 500 calories per hour, if you consumed 500 calories during that hour would you be at net 0 calories?",Hypothetical situation
542,qh6nvn,nutrition,"Hey everyone! I’m currently in college and live in a dorm, all I have is a microwave and fridge with tiny freezer. I’m looking for low cal high volume food suggestions? I currently have carrots rice cakes and popcorn. Any other ideas? Bonus if it’s sweet OR airy texture like popcorn/rice cakes",College food advice
543,qh680x,nutrition,Hello just curious. I've always loved a variety of nuts and seeds and eat them daily. I've starting paying attention more to the fat content of my food (particularly sat fat) and was startled by how much fat nuts and seeds have. Anyone here try and limit their nut and seed intake because of this? Thanks!,The fat content of nuts and seeds
544,qh5k1m,nutrition,Can glucose from protein/fats be stored as glycogen like glucose from carbohydrates?,Can glucose converted from protein/fats be stored as glycogen?
545,qh4pw3,nutrition,"Remove if not allowed, but I couldn’t think/find a better subreddit. Title basically says it, if I crash from drinking coffee, will more coffee/caffeine make the crash go away? 

For a disclaimer, yes I know it’s not a good idea or healthy, I’m just curious",Will drinking more caffeine when you crash bring you up from the crash?
546,qh3rkm,nutrition,"What are your favorite ways to eat Cacao Nibs or Cacao Powder? 

Sometimes I'll add the nibs to a bowl of berries, or my oatmeal. I've made a hot chocolate with the cacao powder.",Cacao Nibs / Cacao Powder
547,qh39mk,nutrition,"I met with a nutritionist and told her my macros- my goal is weightless for my upcoming wedding. We agreed that they were a good start- 

1400 calories, 135 gram protein, 101 gram carb, 54 fat. 

I am 5 foot 5 and 148 pounds, looking to drop to 130-135 pounds by March. 

At the end of our conversation, she told me that it was okay to eat 1200 calories a day if I was motivated enough to do so. I tried to work that into my macros and I can’t figure it out so I adjusted to: 

1200 calories, 129 gram protein, 85 gram carb, and 45 gram fat. 

Does this adjustment make sense? I want to ensure I get the best results possible while still being healthy.",Do these macros make sense for me?
548,qgzns3,nutrition,"There have been many studies on the many benefits of sauna use but one negative is that it rapidly depletes electrolytes. I’ve start d to experience the finger-curling effects of low electrolytes during sauna use, so I’ve started supplementing with electrolyte powder. But is this enough?","For regular sauna users, what do you do to keep your electrolytes up?"
549,qgy8pv,nutrition,So I've been looking into this for awhile and the answer seems to be no but i was wondering if anyone on here knows if grains have anything unique about them nutritionally i know they have some nutrients but compared to other food groups they seem to be significantly less nutritious then other food groups like vegetables meat legumes etc is there something unique about grains im missing?,Is there anything special about grains?
550,qgxq6q,nutrition,i’m a sprinter for track in high school and am interested in finding good unbiased books with good information on sports nutrition and exercise. if i look it up on the internet all the books seem to be made by unreliable people or aren’t up to date. if anyone knows anything that fits those categories please lmk!,books for sports nutrition
551,qgw80r,nutrition,"The studies i have read on anthocyanin are done with a very high concentration and pure extract. Which is practically not possible to consume. The concentration shown benificial in vitro experiments are not even closer to the tissue concentration in humans. Now a days we have supplements to consume higher concentration of anthocyanins which are pragmatically not possible. I wounder what significance anthocyanin had made in ancient human. 
I really dont think these phytochemicals are significantly enough in an individual diet to show any favorable outcome.",Anthocyanin or rumor
552,qgtcwx,nutrition,"I've long heard that nuts and seeds are great nutritious foods but should we be limiting them due to mycotoxins or are those fears overblown? Oats too, for that matter.",How worried should we be about mycotoxins?
553,qgsdnz,nutrition,When a can of pinto beans (or any canned product) says that it has 460mg of potassium (or any nutrient) is that per can or per serving? Thanks :),Basic question about reading nutrition labels
554,qgqbf1,nutrition,Some people had bad reviews and bad side effects. How can I avoid that? Did it help at all?,Did 5-HTP help your mood?
555,qgpffs,nutrition,"I bought the Club House brand and it contains ""ethoxyquin"" that just pure cayenne powder. Do you have recommendations with a different brands and with strong kick also?

Thanks",Which brand do you look for Cayenne Pepper Ground? (Canadaian Store)
556,qgocmv,nutrition,"When trying to counter the effect of sodium, do we need to consume (the equivalent amount of) potassium (e.g. potassium-rich food and/or potassium pill supplement) at the same time as when we are eating sodium-rich foods?",Does potassium need to be consumed at the same time as sodium to be more effective?
557,qghpkc,nutrition,"Hey all, not sure if this is the right spot.

I’m on a calorie deficit, but I also watch my sodium and cholesterol to insure I don’t have issues. I just got off work and realized I haven’t really ate anything all day.

Would it negatively impact someone whatsoever if they ate a lot at once, compared to eating it through out the day?

I don’t want to intake a bunch of calories/sodium at once and have it have any sort of negative impact.

I also had another question, I know there’s food that’s good for you, which I’ve been trying to stick to. But since I missed everything today I still have a lot of calories to fulfill. How would it negatively impact me if I went and got something unhealthy? (don’t plan on it, but I’m curious)",Eating a lot at once?
558,qgegb2,nutrition,What do they mean when burgers “hold the salts and water in your body”? Is this just something oversimplified that is more complicated? Is it straight up false?,Burgers and meat
559,qgcg72,nutrition,"I'm fasting for a long period but I am making exceptions for supplements. I want to take as many of these supplements as I can... although I might drop the Omega 3 because it technically breaks the fast however some of these other supplements may as well but that's not a big problem for me I don't think. The biggest problem is that this morning I've found out that I am not going to be able to take some of these on an empty stomach. I don't know which though because I took them all at once about an hour before I threw it all up. I was hoping I could get some help in figuring out which of these shouldn't be taken on an empty stomach and may have caused my body to react the way it did.  Which of these should I NOT take on an  empty stomach?                                                                                                                                                                              
Haritaki Powder                                                                                                                                                                     Gotu Gola Powder                                                                                                                                                          Turmeric Powder                                                                                                                                                                 Iodine Tincture                                                                                                                                                                  Omega 3                                                                                                                                                                             Vitamin D (I'm sure this one is fine)                                                                                                                                     Co Q10                                                                                                                                                                                       Zinc Capsule                                                                                                                                                                    Spirulina and Chlorella Capsule                                                                                                                                          Red Reishi Mushroom Capsule                                                                                                                                            Red Korean Ginseng Capsule                                                                                                                            Ashwaghanda Capsule                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

Then finally there's the three that are essential to a prolonged fast so I'm sure they aren't a problem:  Sodium Potassium Magnesium . Help would be really appreciated.",Threw Up This Morning Taking Supplements While Fasting
560,qgb2xh,nutrition,"So a place like Sarku Japan has teriyaki chicken with rice and vegetables… normally, eating boiled chicken, rice and vegetables would be considered healthy. However, a Sarku Japan chicken meal is likely not healthy. 

Does the oil, teriyaki sauce or whatever they cook it in add *that* many calories?",How does the oil and stuff chicken is cooked in add so many calories?
561,qgali1,nutrition,"I feel like I'm definitely breaking a rule by posting this here but there just seems to be too much context for me to give to put it there so sorry if I did.

For about a month and a half I haven't been able to eat properly. My diagnosis is ongoing, my doctor made me take a bunch of different drugs but nothing worked, so no one really knows what's wrong with me. 

The thing is I lift weights and I'm pretty obsessed with it. So I have to consume a lot of calories and protein every day in order to maintain my strength and muscle mass. But I can't eat anything. I can't eat too much fat (at least not more than I have lately), I'm scared of eating more sugar than I already am because of diabetes  and I can't eat too much in general, I used to eat 3500 calories and now am down to 3000 or less and it already looks like I'm eating half as much. I only choose super caloric, high-protein food but it still feels like it's too much. And whenever I go lower than that I lose strength and suck at the gym. 

So my question is : what is not too fat, not too sweet and super easy to eat that isn't in my diet in your opinion ? And if possible rich in protein 
Here's what I've been eating in the week for the last month : milk, greek yogurt, chocolate spread, peanut butter, protein power, semolina, quinoa, eggs/ egg whites, tofu, rice and lentils + some fruits here and there.",What could I eat
562,qgabie,nutrition,"I read this in a [Harvard publication](https://www.helpguide.org/harvard/vitamins-and-minerals.htm):

&gt; Major minerals travel through the body in various ways. Potassium, for example, is quickly absorbed into the bloodstream, where it circulates freely and is excreted by the kidneys, much like a water-soluble vitamin. Calcium is more like a fat-soluble vitamin because it requires a carrier for absorption and transport.

Does this mean potassium needs to be replenished more frequently, while excess calcium can be stored for later use? Which other minerals circulate and get excreted like water-soluble vitamins?

Also, the article says:

&gt; Contrary to popular belief, some water-soluble vitamins can stay in the body for long periods of time. You probably have several years’ supply of vitamin B12 in your liver. And even folic acid and vitamin C stores can last more than a couple of days.

&gt; Generally, though, water-soluble vitamins should be replenished every few days.

Is this a broadly accepted consensus? Would this mean, for example, that there's no benefit in splitting a multivitamin and taking it twice a day vs. taking it all at once? Or that having a whole day's worth of B and C vitamins in one meal is just as good as spacing them across the day?

Are there any keywords I can search for to read more about this?","Do some minerals need to be consumed frequently like water-soluble vitamins, while others are stored longer similarly to fat-soluble vitamins?"
563,qg8hxw,nutrition,"I assume they don't. I'm eating this chocolate cake with a ton of fat and was thinking about that. 

I'm pretty sure metabolism does affect sugar absorption because I know people with hypothyroidism that are pre-diabetic because their metabolism is super fast, so I'm really curious on what part of the puzzle I'm missing.","If fats slow down metabolism and the problem with simple carbs is how fast sugars get into the bloodstream, why don't high carb high fat foods cancel each other out?"
564,qg6dqh,nutrition,"Searching for “saturated fat” in this sub and Reddit in general will yield lots of debate. Polyunsaturated fat is also talked about often, mostly concerning omega 3:6 ratio and seed ratio. However, there isn’t much discussion about monounsaturated fat (MUFAs). Are they healthy? Do they come with risks that the other fats do? 

Citing sources would be appreciated.",Consensus on monounsaturated fat? Let’s talk about MUFAs more.
565,qg5wml,nutrition,"Hey all, I am new here, and I was wondering if any of you had come across a portion control app in your nutrition journey? I meal prep and use apps like Noom and my Fitness Pal to log my recipes/meals, but I can't seem to always get the right portion balance so was hoping that by having an app I could tap it into, it would work it out. Yes, I could probably divide it by whatever number to get there, but I want to be as accurate as I possibly can be.

Thank you in advance.",Portion Control App?
566,qg35tv,nutrition,"I was wondering if Blending fruit could eg. compromise the fiber or something similar.

Normally id assume that blending anything shouldn't affect nutrition at all but I'm not sure.",Are the healthy benefits of fruit in any way compromised by blending them?
567,qg2spt,nutrition,Just found out that together that potato flesh has 20mg magnesium per 100g and bulgur has 160g magnesium per 100g. Does this magnesium get lost when bulgur and potatoes get boiled? And if so how can they be retained,Does boiling bulgur or potatoes make them lose their magnesium?
568,qg04ov,nutrition,"Added sugar is, for all intents and purposes, undesirable in a person's diet. Does the same apply to molasses or is there somehow a reason that, like honey or sugar in fruits, molasses aren't as detrimental to our health as normal added sugar.",Is the sugar content of molasses equivalent to 'added sugar'?
569,qfvrwi,nutrition,recommendations on protein powders that don’t taste like protein or have a gritty mouth feel?,protein powders?
570,qfvflz,nutrition,"I just bought the GNC multivitamin without iron and while I was looking at the bottle, I noticed there was a warning statement “this product contains chemicals known to produce cancer or cause reproductive damage.”

I figured it was because of California’s new proposition, but I just paid 30 dollars for them and they have good reviews so I’m really torn on what to do. Anyone else have any insight or ran into something similar?",Cancer label on multivitamin?
571,qfupze,nutrition,"I know there's lots of debate about whether or not it gets to the smoke point, but let's leave that aside and pretend I'm not letting it get to the smoke point. We've all read study after study over the years about how healthy EVOO is, but does it still retain these benefits if I glaze the pan with it instead of just using it in dressings and whatnot? Thanks.

Bonus question: How do I pick out a good EVOO? I've heard there's a big issue out there with bad EVOOs.",Does cooking olive oil make it less healthy?
572,qfu1pp,nutrition,"Hi there. I'm wondering whether whole ingredients or more nutrient additives would be the most nutritious/healthiest soy milk?

[http://imgur.com/a/K6ZGiJx](http://imgur.com/a/K6ZGiJx)

My current soy milk brand uses ""filtered water and 3.5% soy protein"" as it's main ingredients. I imagine this, plus the additional vitamins, incidicates its heavily processed.

I've looked at some alternatives and found one that uses ""17% whole soybeans"" and much less ingredients. Except, it seems to use a few sweeteners.

What do you think?",Soy protein or whole soybeans in milk?
573,qfpyic,nutrition,"I see conflicting things everywhere. I see that sticking to a lower amount of carbs like 30% is best but then also that carbs are what your body mainly runs off of. And then that fat is horrible but you also need it to not age super bad. I normally stick to 50% carbs, 30% protein, and 20% fat but I feel guilty about the amount of carbs.",What exactly are the best macro percentages?
574,qfpht3,nutrition,"[My kefir setup.](https://i.redd.it/9ukckr1umnv71.png)

&amp;#x200B;

These grains belonged to my grandpa, and we found them dried up in his old house LONG after he passed. For sentimental reasons, I really want the grains to multiply so that I can make sure they stay healthy for as long as I can.

These guys DO make amazing kefir, but both me and my mother have been unable to actually get them to grow, and I'm afraid the process of straining the kefir might damage the grains even further, if we cant get them to grow.

Do you guys have ANY advice on how to kickstart their growth? I've followed the advice of adding cream to the milk, and altough the kefir is delicious, the little guys still won't grow. Are there any other additives or methods I should look into to help them grow. Thanks!","HELP - trying to grow EXTREMELY old kefir grains (dried for 6 years, likely much older)"
575,qfo8pf,nutrition,"Casting all flavor preferences aside, what are some different combinations of food that would be nutritional to consume on a daily basis? Something that could easily be prepped in bulk. I was thinking something like boiled chicken, broccoli, and plain brown  rice for dinner. Plain eggs and potatoes, or plain oatmeal for breakfast.","Regardless of flavor, what are some extremely nutritional, easy bulk meals?"
576,qfmife,nutrition,Trying to save money and be a bit more healthy for lunch I always ate fast food in work and was wondering if I was to make a salad and have a banana and an apple with some nuts should that be enough energy to get through the day (I work in construction). I do find I’m tired half way through the day and this seems like the best option unless anyone has suggestions on what to have for lunch. I would basically be illiterate when it comes to nutrition don’t know enough about it so hopefully someone can help thank you.,Trying to change up lunches for more energy and better health
577,qfl484,nutrition,"

I had my Vitamin D serum levels tested about a year ago - 66ng/mL 

Since then I’ve continued supplementation of around 4,000IU per day. Should I be fine or should I discontinue supplementation?",Vitamin D levels question
578,qfkxlv,nutrition,"If so, when we hit ketosis after a period of fasting will we begin to intake whatever Omega nutrients our body had stored - either 3 or 6.  

So we could then expect that if someone was on an Omega 6 heavy diet for a long time, when they are in ketosis they could be continuing that omega 6 imbalance due to the stored nutrients. Thoughts?",Do we store the omega nutrients we eat in our fat?
579,qfkmqa,nutrition,"Are there any dietary lookup tools, or references, for finding the fat values of certain foods?",Any good resources for looking up fat content of specifics foods?
580,qfisu2,nutrition,Im nutritionist looking for investing in this area,Does anyone did a genetic mapping test?
581,qfikk3,nutrition,"Looking to get some insights for a new product idea. Here are my questions:

1. How much Apple Cider Vinegar do you take on a daily basis?
2. What is the main reason you use Apple Cider Vinegar?
3. In what type of format do you consume Apple Cider Vinegar (i.e., gummies, raw liquid, powder, pills, etc)
4. Do you find it cumbersome/inconvenient that Apple Cider Vinegar only comes in a bulky bottle format rather than ""to go"" versions that can be easily added to water whenever/wherever? Would you use this product?",Anyone here consume Raw Apple Cider Vinegar on a regular basis?
582,qffoqm,nutrition,Is having the powdered version better for health and nutrition?,Is powdered peanut butter better?
583,qfex3z,nutrition,If you eat 15g of protein from rice and 15g from beans will it amount to 30g or 15g if combined they provide all 9 amino acids?,protein in beans and rice?
584,qfbnzb,nutrition,"I'm close to starting my bulk and people advise to eat more to get stronger.

Now my question is does it matter what you eat to get stronger? Like, let's say you would eat 3000 calories by only eating Chips every day, would I get stronger in the progress? obviously, I don't want to do this I was just wondering how much ''bad calories'' help with overall strength.

Again, It's just a theoretical question, because if I just add nuts to my current diet I would get to my bulk calorie goal, but I'm not sure if just adding Nuts will help with strength",Calories and strength
585,qfas4p,nutrition,"Meals like smashed avocado on buckwheat crispbread and 2 boiled eggs or wholewheat pasta with 300g chicken breast and pesto with a cracked egg. Are there free plans that exist with these sorts of meals?

The issue is finding recipes like this, does anyone have a good resource / resources? Prep and cooking time isn't an issue at all. 

Additionally if someone has a shopping list of very healthy foods and vegetables that would be amazing, ingredients like: cavolo nero, red lentils, quinoa, ground turkey breast. 

TLDR; Need resource/s for simple extremely healthy meals and also a shopping list for the most nutritionally solid ingredients.

Thank you!",What is the cleanest and nutritionally healthiest meal plan possible?
586,qfa07k,nutrition,The serving size on peanut butter is usually one or 2 tablespoons. But is this assuming that you just take a reasonably size scoop with a tablespoon or is it assuming that you took the same scoop but scraped off the top to make it a perfect tablespoon?,What is the serving size referring to on peanut butter?
587,qf9rp4,nutrition,"My mother prepared at home a dry mixture of seeds from organic sources containing dried sesame seeds, Sunflower seeds, almonds, cashews, flax seeds and pumpkin seeds for me to munch on. I used to have a bowl full once in a while but I lost the habit and this flask full of them has been sitting for 3 months and I was wondering if its still safe to have them. All seeds are sundried and packed when they were quite fresh. They dont seem rotten, I think I just smell the oils from the seeds. I was wondering if anyone knew for certain if these seeds have a ling shelf life or not.",Shelf life of organic mixture of seeds(as a health snack)
589,qf8hmd,nutrition,"I usually only see this talked about in anorexia and bulimia, but I am curious if being underweight and poor diet can cause this as well? Not asking for medical advice, just curious if these is even possible if there the person doesn't exhert themselves.",Can daily undereating and poor nutrition cause electrolyte imbalances?
590,qf6cnu,nutrition,"Is the theory that your body cannot absorb more than 40g of protein in a single meal still upheld by the sports nutrition community? I’ve been hearing that it’s not current or supported by significant scientific data, but this opinion seems controversial from a google. For context, I’m asking this question because I’m interested in how it relates to intermittent fasting and strength training (More strict IMF, such as OMAD or 22-2). TY.",Protein Intake &amp; Absorption
591,qf5xd6,nutrition,"Do you think frozen fruits (for example blueberries) bought at the store is less nutritious than fresh fruits?

I typically buy fresh fruits to make smoothies, but I've been wondering if buying the frozen ones (which is cheaper) would be less healthy.",What are your thoughts on frozen fruits?
592,qf5ixq,nutrition,"I’m 17 and have been doing callisthenics for 3 years and I’m quite muscular but recently I realised I don’t really wanna be so muscular and thought maybe I should eat less and workout less as well in order to be more shredded. 

So what do you think? Is it a good idea? How will it affect me?",Is it okay to be on a cut at 17?
593,qf4kjx,nutrition,Does carbohydrate intake affect sex drive?,Is there a relationship between carbs and libido?
594,qf45y0,nutrition,Wondering if I should nuke my sandwich at work,Does microwaving something kill it’s nutrients?
595,qf3rg5,nutrition,What’s your opinion on it?,Have any of you ever read The Man Diet by Chad Howse?
596,qf174v,nutrition,First post on here. I want to cut out sugar but I dont know if it will have the same benefits as adults.,Any benefits to quitting sugar as a teen?
597,qf12w3,nutrition,"For context, I am a 19 year old male. I started eating/drinking mostly banana smoothies since like May(I think) of this year, I usually add fruits like blueberries, strawberries, cherries, kiwis, and a host of other fruits at times. Also, I put nutritional yeast in sometimes and flax seeds and chia seeds. These smoothies are as of the time of typing this literally like over 90% of my diet. I do eat other things, but for now, the smoothies are a staple. How healthy is this?",Is a diet of mostly fruit smoothies(mostly banana) with usually almond or coconut milk good/ok?
598,qeyaf2,nutrition,You will lose weight while being in a calorie deficit whether eating healthy or unhealthy but what is the difference?,What is the difference on being on a calorie deficit eating healthy food or unhealthy food?
600,qexzbq,nutrition,"I was thinking of new ideas and thought up the concept of a protein shake with alcohol in it for self-conscious partygoers. I know alcohol slows down absorption of protein but what if we replaced whey protein with casein protein and combined it with some Kahlua, RumChata, etc to create a new drink? 

I haven’t thought it all up but does the idea of casein protein + alcohol go well together since casein is a slow-release protein? Would that help in optimizing the absorption of protein despite the alcohol? Just here for some ideas. Also if anyone can suggest how I can get started, that would be great. Thank you!",Protein Shakes Containing Alcohol for Self-Conscious Partygoers
601,qexgct,nutrition,"Hello, I’m new to vitamins. 
Today I started tracking my food. 
I logged an entire day of healthy food, and still only have 
2%/100% of vitamin C and 
471/3,500 of potassium. 
It didn’t tell me my other vitamin levels, but I guess those would be bad too. Do I buy separate vitamins for each? Like a bottle of potassium, bottle of vitamin C, etc? Or does a multivitamin really have enough of all I need? 
Also, which vitamins should I really focus on? There are so many I’m getting so overwhelmed…. 
Thank you",Confused about vitamins
602,qevazz,nutrition,Please cite source. Does anybody even know?,How Much Sun Exposure is Needed to Meet Our Vitamin D Requirements?
603,qetr1n,nutrition,"I feel like if I don’t eat carbs at steady intervals throughout the day I won’t get enough calories to be in a caloric surplus.

Where as if I were to just eat carbs after a workout. I would be too full to get all the calories I need.

How important is this? Any thoughts?",Timing carb intake close to/around workouts.
604,qes808,nutrition,Can anyone help me out with a diet plan ? Looking to loose weight and gain muscle thanks in advance,In need of help with a diet plan
605,qeqf8j,nutrition,"My mother, almost 70, has total cholesterol and LDL on the roof and refuses to take statins (I don't comment on this). So, I have 'created' a medicine for her to take every evening, a SALAD:

* half a bunch of Parsley (vitamin C),
* mixed salad,
* some drops of Lemon juice,
* small Carrot or beetroot (for sweetness),
* Garlic,
* Broccoli (vitamin C and nicotinamide mononucleotide),
* half an Avocado (nicotinamide mononucleotide),
* 5-10 Olives, a teaspoon of Linseed oil,
* whole Oats

These ingredients are a must in her 'medicine' and she can add some Nuts or Chicken (for protein), in function of the other meals.

She feels great and is so happy of her new evening routine.",My medical salad for mom
606,qeir96,nutrition,Does anyone know how to lose fat without losing muscle? Thanks!!,Cutting fat without losing muscle?
607,qehwvs,nutrition,Is there a way to buy vitamin supplements and know I'm not just getting a placebo? lol,Do FDA Approved Vitamins Even Exist?
608,qehamc,nutrition,"Any advice on good high protein meals, they don’t have to be low calorie just normal to high levels of calorie, thanks.",Best high protein (like 50-60g) meal ???
609,qegj9n,nutrition,"For example when googling coconut water benefits it says: “may support heart health, may support kidney stones”.","When I google the benefits of a food, each point begins with “may”. Does that mean there’s no solid evidence that it does help, and if so why isn’t there?"
610,qefgkw,nutrition,"My friend says, for example, eating Taco Bell for dinner one night, then ice cream as dessert right after, is much different than eating Taco Bell one night then having ice cream totally separate on the other night. He argues that even though the number of calories are the same, WHAT your body does with the excess calories is different. You are much more likely for your body to store fat when you consumer the Taco Bell and ice cream together, versus on separate nights.

Is this correct?",Does WHEN you consume a plethora of calories matter?
611,qecnst,nutrition,Some say it s essential and others say that is very very bad. I don t understand anymore if i should avoid it at any costs or keep consuming it,Are dairy products good or bad for your health?
612,qeas14,nutrition,"I was making a dish or sorts. Rice in the tupperware containers and then a mix of vegetables on top after I quickly cooked them.

Unfortunately, the vegetables were wayyy overcooked. I don't mind eating them, as bland/soggy as they are, but have I lost all the vitamins and nutrients as a result? I did some research and found that overcooking causes the vitamins to essentially leak out and end up down the drain (which is the case for me). For the purposes of eating healthy, is it worth it to even keep what I have cooked? Thanks.",Overcooked Vegetables
613,qeamxv,nutrition,"Why didn't human taste buds evolve to prefer things that are good for us? Field mice love vegetables, and dogs avoid hard candies, for example.","If foods like lettuce are so nutritious and foods like chips are not as nutritious, why didn't all humans' taste buds evolve to prefer lettuce to chips?"
614,qea9e2,nutrition,"My gym is currently selling collagen gummies and I’m interested, I’m just wondering if there are any negative effects from taking it too young?",Is 17 too young to start taking collagen supplements?
615,qe97b5,nutrition,"I’m new to this subreddit and don’t know the vibe here yet, so I hope I’m not offending anyone with this post. A few days ago I went to this “hip” restaurant that has a lot of organic, vegetarian and vegan options but personally, I wouldn’t call the menu healthy just because of that fact. 
Before I left I discovered they were selling cupcakes and asked about them. The server didn’t know much about them so she asked her colleague a few things including “So, what makes them healthy?” And he said they were vegan. 
As far as I know though, vegan doesn’t automatically mean that something is “healthy” especially not sweets. I feel like that’s a common misconception but maybe I’m just completely in the wrong on this? Have you guys also heard people automatically deeming vegan food healthy?",Vegan food deemed healthy?
616,qe7n97,nutrition,I was wondering how healthy intermittent fasting is. I have seen positive results of other people who did IF but I am a bit worried if it damages your internal functioning in the long term for doing IF everyday for a prolonged period of time.,Question to the experienced nutritionists here. What is your opinion on Intermittent Fasting?
617,qe6k64,nutrition,"Me and my partners are studying about starting a production line of fit snacks in Brazil.

I know most of you aren't from here but your opinion will help us A LOT.
We're aiming at fit sandwiches, but with REAL good macro count.

The 3 main options for starting will be:

▪︎Chicken breast;

▪︎Turkey breast;

▪︎BBQ.

All will come with separated sauces (ketchup, mayonnaise, mustard) and covered by whole bread grilled slices.

The nutritional information is around (depending on the chosen one):

• 50~53g protein;

• 23g carb;

• 5,4g~10,4g fat;

• 348~383kcals.

Prices ~ U$ 2,00 ~ 3,00 (here will be R$ 8,99 ~ 9,99)",Would you buy that fit sandwich if you went to a store?
618,qe4xdl,nutrition,"Just found out about Cronometer, looks good but cant see the overall micronutrient count without paying for gold subscription. Is there anything like that but for free?",Free micronutrients tracking app?
619,qe4woo,nutrition,Does the exposure my arms get to the sun while driving 30 minutes a day count as sufficient vitamin d exposure?,Silly question about vitamin d
621,qdtp9w,nutrition,"Hey, you often hear to combine fats/proteins with your carb meals to lower their GI response.

How strict is this in terms of timetable and order to work? I mean will stuff like protein pancakes (mixing protein with the carbs) have a better job at lowering GI response/time than having the same amount of protein, then eating normal pancakes shortly after?",Combining foods to lower GI
622,qdlez2,nutrition,"Flax seeds are one of the richest sources of phytoestrogens which can operate in the body similarly to estrogens, can regular intake of flax seeds be harmful to men's fertility and hormonal balance ?",Flax seeds and hormones
623,qdjyyv,nutrition,"First off I have to say I'm AMAB trans bc of metabolic rate difference and that I've had a few iterations of EDs, I never actually got over my last one, just swung the other way, now I'm lucky if I get to 70kg and stay there for longer than a week
I've had tests, bloodwork, cameras up my ass and down my throat to come back inconclusive so I asked my freind who is an animal nutritionist and I said everything I've tried (carbs, fat, sugar, 3500-4000 cal a day) and that nothing has worked so they basically treated me as a great Dane and told me to protein load, I was vegan for a few years before my ED kicked off and I went down to 60kg so started eating chicken on my friends advice, with huel made with milk and I got up to a lovely comfortable 80kg, and 5 months later I'm back down at 67kg and falling.
I know people with ADHD have stupid metabolisms, as well as forgetting to eat, I'd really rather not go back to eating meat as I find it makes me smell, but can't be vegan because it's too nutritionally available and I digest it too fast

What on the Goddess' green earth can I do??",Feel gross bc I'm in flux between 65-70kg and unable to maintain ideal weight (75-80kg)
624,qdatff,nutrition,"Hi Guys,

So in the world of fats I know there are:

1. Saturated Fats
2. Monosaturated Fats
3. Polysaturated Fats 
4. Omega 3 
5. Omega 6 
6. Long, medium and short chained Fats
7. Artificial Fats. 
(These are the only ones mentioned in my course).

My question is do they overlap some where? Think Venn diagram. 

For example can a fat be short chained and saturated. Or  can an omega 3 be long chained?

Thank you in advance.",World of Fats Explained
625,qd8mmh,nutrition, I’m looking to add to my menu a few meals that are around 1g protein/10cal.,What is your favorite high protein meal?
626,qd60zv,nutrition,"This Might sound stupid (and probably is) but I have a bunch of dried mulberries and goji berries and when I chew up a bunch and hold it under my tongue I get a burst of energy. 

Am I possibly absorbing macro/micronutrients quicker or is this just placebo?",Sublingual fruit absorption?
627,qd2ut7,nutrition,"I downloaded an app this week, to track my nutrition.   I'm interested in knowing if I'm getting adequate vitamins and minerals. Apparently most users are focused on calories, protein, fats, and carbs, but the app does have the capacity to track the vitamins and minerals.  Most foods are already loaded in the app but I have noticed that some of them have incomplete information. For instance, cashews were listed without showing the magnesium content. 

Years ago I had a paperback book that listed all the vitamin and mineral amounts for thousands of foods.  I can't find the book, I can't remember its name, and I'm wondering if there is a useful android app I can use.",Do you use a tracking app?
628,qcybpi,nutrition,"If something says the serving size is 3 and the ammount per serving/ daily value shows what the value of the vitamins are , does it show the value of the 3 serving sizes or one . I hope I explained this well . I am a noob at nutrition and I want to learn about it",A question about serving size
629,qcxxiv,nutrition,"So I've seen a vocal minority on this sub with quite a bone to pick with seed oils. I feel many newer proponents may have come after a certain big youtuber made a video on them, but the idea has been around for a while. I want to set the record straight. Or, at the minimum, have a post I can link back to for when this topic pops up again. 

There are *many* studies on seed (and similar vegetable) oils so I don't want to shotgun a million of them in an exhaustive list. I'll do my best to stick to meta-analyses, systematic reviews and one massive cohort.

First is a prospective analysis of over half a million retired people. Each lipid source is estimated separately, dosage estimated via questionnaire using frequency and serving size, they found:

&gt; [Consumption of butter and margarine was associated with higher total and cardiometabolic mortality. Replacing butter and margarine with canola oil, corn oil, or olive oil was related to lower total and cardiometabolic mortality. Our findings support shifting the intake from solid fats to non-hydrogenated vegetable oils for cardiometabolic health and longevity.](https://bmcmedicine.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s12916-021-01961-2)

Not an outright healthy or unhealthy finding as finding a control with no oils, butter or margarine whatsoever is likely very difficult. But as compared to butter and margarine, seed oils come out on top.


To precede anyone warming up their fingers to tell me epidemiology is bogus, questionnaires suck and correlation doesn't equal causation, I'll follow up with a meta-analysis of RCTs that support the findings. But I will point out that researchers are aware that correlation doesn't necessarily mean causation, so they go to great lengths to carry out multivariate analyses to account for confounding variables. It's not perfect, but this is the world of nutrition science. Anyway:

&gt; [Despite limitations in these data, our NMA findings are in line with existing evidence on the metabolic effects of fat and support current recommendations to replace high saturated-fat food with unsaturated oils.](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S002222752033546X)

Top quality stuff here. However I have seen this meta-analysis criticized because it only measured risk factors and didn't actually wait for enough people to die of heart attacks. To which I say, tough t*tties, we know full well these are risk factors and the scientific consensus on them is very clear.

One last one. The main proposed idea behind seed oils being so bad for you is that they have highly inflammatory omega-6 fatty acids, typically in the form of linoleic acid (LA). But, unfortunately, the science shows otherwise. Following is a systematic review of RCTs on inflammatory markers of LA (but we can do the other fatty acids too), with many of the studies on the oils themselves as a proxy, that finds:

&gt; [We conclude that virtually no evidence is available from randomized, controlled intervention studies among healthy, noninfant human beings to show that addition of LA to the diet increases the concentration of inflammatory markers.](https://www.jandonline.org/article/S2212-2672\(12\)00464-9/fulltext) [...] the outcome of this review should provide the dietetic community and other health professionals with a measure of reassurance regarding current dietary recommendations that
emphasize optimal intake of both n-6 and n-3 PUFAs (from
sources such as soybean, canola, corn and safflower oils)",Seed Oils - What does the science really say?
630,qcwu2z,nutrition,"Hello People of Reddit,

&amp;#x200B;

I was wondering what is the scientific consensus on vegan cheese made from coconut oil. Coconut oil is very high in saturated fats, and saturated fats are associated with heart disease( or so I think to understand). But then I hear people talking about the benefits of conconut oil and how they use it everyday. So what is the consensus here?",Is vegan cheese made primarily from coconut oil unhealthy?
631,qcwpgd,nutrition,Assuming both butters are as close to having a single ingredient as possible. e.g no added sugar.,What are the nutritional differences between almond butter and peanut butter?
632,qcvxcw,nutrition,I know it loses a little bit of nutrients and has more sodium. Anything else detrimental?,Is canned chicken safe to eat daily?
633,qcvnp0,nutrition,"Does UHT *fresh milk (not milk solids and powder) have significant oxysterol (oxidized cholesterol) due to the high temperature processing?
Does pure skim milk powder or pure UHT skim milk have any oxysterol? As there is no fat, there won't be oxysterol right?

Can't get fresh milk easily",Oxysterol in UHT fresh milk and skim milk powder?
634,qcunxm,nutrition,"Here is the link to all the ingredients -&gt; [https://pims.purinamills.com/BusinessLink/media/Mazuri/ProductSheet/5MA1.pdf?ext=.pdf](https://pims.purinamills.com/BusinessLink/media/Mazuri/ProductSheet/5MA1.pdf?ext=.pdf)

My question is, seeing as how this is so cheap ($28/25lbs of food), would it be feasible for a human to eat this (with regular food for supplementation of course)? How does the nutrition profile compare to what we need?",Can you eat gorilla food?
635,qcu0sk,nutrition,"**Amount per serving** **Calories 648**

Fat 42.8g 55%

Saturated Fat **25.6g 128%**

Cholesterol **282 mg 94%**

Sodium 1006mg 44%

Total Carbohydrate 27g 10%

Dietary Fiber 2g 7%

Total Sugars 2.9g

Protein 38.7g

Is this unsustainable in general? From my perspective 5 foot 9, work out every week day for 30 minutes and weigh 140 lbs soaking wet.

Thanks folks!",Breakfast: English Muffin + Egg + Pile of Shredded Cheese - 128% Sat Fat Daily?
636,qcqkqf,nutrition,Heya! What’re some ways that you guys add more anti inflammatory ingredients to your everyday meals?,Anti-Inflammatories
637,qcpz7v,nutrition,"Of the classic methods of preserving food: Canning,salting,smoking,larding,pickliing,gems,keeping them in a root cellar etc etc, would you reckon are healthiest?","Of the classic methods of preserving food: Canning,salting,smoking,larding,pickliing,gems,keeping them in a root cellar etc etc, would you reckon are healthiest?"
638,qcpysr,nutrition,"Hi.  I made one cup of red lentils last night, undercooked them, ate them, and now don’t feel great. Haven’t puked yet thanks to some Zofran but now I’m feeling like it might be inevitable.

Is there a way I can get around this and not puke or am I just going to have to man up and hurl?

Turns out some protein/metabolite called lectin gets released and binds to your digestive tract?",Do I really have to puke?
639,qcpllx,nutrition,"Egg is the [best high protein food](https://ise-egg.com/) in the world. Eggs are an excellent source of protein, and contain all the needed amino acids in the correct ratio. Proteins are the primary building blocks for the  human body and are needed for both structural and functional purposes. Eggs are the most low-carb, low-calorie and easy to cook protein. One egg provides 6 almost 8 grams of protein with only 70 calories. Eggs are the best high protein food for pregnant women, children, working women, bodybuilders and athletes.",How to gain mussel.
640,qcn001,nutrition,"I have the impression it doesn't have much omega-3 in it at least compared to salmon, sardines etc.

How many do you think you would have to eat to get enough or nearly enough?",Can you get enough omega-3 from fish sticks?
641,qclc7v,nutrition,"I'm taking about eg. Gouda, parmesan, camembert, Emmental cheese... Not spreadable cheese.",Do you consider cheese a processed food?
642,qchj1j,nutrition,What is the best milk to drink on a daily basis according to science? Like 2 cups a day.,Healthiest milk? Whats the best daily milk?
643,qcglzh,nutrition,"Going to do a white rice only diet for awhile due to acid reflux and possible histamine intolerance. However, I am a little concerned that this may create nutritional deficiencies and could cause other problems. What potential problems would I face on this diet?",What nutritional deficiencies would you have on a White Rice Only Diet?
644,qcgi52,nutrition,Anyone here already tried soaking lettuce in hot water then drink it? Apparently it helps you sleep better.,Lettuce water to aide sleep.
645,qcfmlb,nutrition,"I like to start my morning with some fruit, like berries, and a handful of almonds or cashews. But I’ve been thinking, how much healthy fat is actually beneficial? If I then eat an avocado later in the day did I just go way overboard? What do you guys think, where is the line with healthy fats?",How much healthy fat should one really eat?
646,qcfdc3,nutrition,"Currently in my mornings I make a cold brew with a protein shake and a little vanilla syrup - comes out like 100 calories maybe 150. 

However, I’m a little tired of it and with the holidays approaching, I’m craving those peppermint white mochas from starbucks with those dark chocolate curls… I can throw some dark chocolate chips in there for the curls… but how do I make it white chocolatey and pepperminty without a thousand calories?",Low Calorie Peppermint White Mocha
647,qce7pa,nutrition,This lunch takes no effort and costs me a little less than $4. It comes in at a little below 600 calories. What do you think?,Would you say 75g of dollarama pre-packaged roasted almonds and an apple is a healthy lunch?
648,qcb8pa,nutrition,"Hi everyone. This is my first post here, so I'm asking about indulgence (especially about my language skill).

One day I read on reddit the name of book which contains perfect season connection. 
It's possible that the name consist of ""Bible"" word.

Help me find it. Thanks in advance.",Bible or something like that
649,qc7m1k,nutrition,"Hi r/Nutrition, I'm looking for information about leek greens. I've only been able to find info for the bulb/lower leaf portion, but I want to know specifically about the greens/tops. Any ideas? Thank you!",Trouble finding nutrition info for leek greens/tops
650,qc75dj,nutrition,"I've been mostly eating vegetables that I pan fry with EVOO. I was wondering if this generally diminishes the health benefits of either the vegetables, or the olive oil itself? I've had trouble finding a clear answer on this. Is there a healthier way I should be preparing my vegetables? Thanks for any help!",Frying vegetables in olive oil?
651,qc6iwd,nutrition,"I seem to be stuck on a perpetual low carb diet cycles. Low net carbs that is. Everytime I attempt to return to a diet with a ""normal"" carb intake I gain exactly 7lbs. Those 7 pounds drop back down within a week when I return to low carb. 
I retain a lot of water regardless of drinking at least 10 cups a day. I do cardio 30 minutes 4 days a week and weight lift for an hour 4 days a week as well. I track my macros and weigh all foods on a scale prior to cooking them and I eat 1600 calories a day but still with the water weight.

I do not eat many fats either. I fill up on high fiber foods and protein. 

Ex: Yesterday

Breakfast: 4 eggs with cottage cheese, bell pepper, mushroom and two slices of bacon for breakfast. Low carb tortilla &amp; Coffee, (cream only.)

Lunch: Protein bar and later on turkey bites. 

Dinner: Blackened Tilapia with cilantro, lots of green &amp; red cabbage, avocado, ff sour cream with 2 low car tortillas.

Evening Snack:
2 pickle spears, 2 cups of unsweetened almond coconut milk and 14 grams of lilys chocolate chips. (stevia cc)

I eat a lot of vegetables on a daily basis but specifically low carb ones. Lots of mushrooms, spinach, salad blends, cucumbers, avocado, poblano or bell pepper.
I eat tuna steak,  tilapia or salmon about 2 -3 times a week.
Otherwise it is chicken breast, sometimes turkey meat. I do not really ever eat red meats but on a rare occasion. The only pork I eat is bacon but I have eaten turkey bacon in the past no problem. I could switch back.

l do not eat oatmeal, rice or and grains currently unless I can find low carb bread. 
I do not drink animal based milks but I do use cottage cheese daily and I will use cheeses. (parmesean, sharp cheddar and sometimes cream cheese.) Oh wait, I have 1 tbsp of heavy cream daily.

I read low carb is bad long term but they are pairing it with high animal fats. I use only olive oil sprays in most of my cooking with the exception of the small amount of bacon fat I have left after draining from the bacon in the morning. (I use cast iron pans.) My carbs totals ia between 50 to 100 on a daily basis but my net carbs are usually around 35. 

Any input? Thanks.",Will my current diet have a poor impact on my health long term? TIA
652,qc2jbr,nutrition,"I just assumed that consuming anything organic would provide calories.

I've been watching calories lately &amp; have started to see results. 

I replaced the mayo on my egg sandwich: 1 egg 75C (with non-stick pan = no oil), 2 slices wheat bread 120C, a leaf (or two) of lettuce is prolly around 1 calorie I can even put in a slice of cheder for 80C. I bet I can find cheese with lower calorie count, but I haven't tried yet. I think a leaf of lettuce would add a calorie or two. For now that's less than 300C (bottle of Ensure is 200)

I noticed though as i was replacing my mayo with mustard that the container was reading 0 calories and I remembered seeing that before on other foods. How is that possible?",Why do some foods like mustard say they provide 0 calories? Wouldn't there be at least 1 even at the tiniest serving size?
653,qc1szo,nutrition,"I know that short-term consumption of melatonin supplements is safe. 

I’m wondering if anyone knows of studies examining the effects of regular (~4 times a week) consumption of melatonin supplements in the longer term. 
I ask this as I find melatonin supplements (but not melatonin-rich foods) as helpful sleeping aids.",Effects of regular consumption of melatonin supplements in the long term?
654,qc1so1,nutrition,"I read that they are the healthiest oat option, and looking for a quick/easy snack before my workouts after work in the afternoons for a little energy boost.  I'm not sure how hard they will be so if it'd be like trying to eat raw rice then I'd rather not try.",Can you eat oat groats raw?
657,qbyf3g,nutrition,"Hi!

I am looking for good substitutes for energy drinks. Ive been drinking smoothies with pineapple, apple, banana and ginger and even though its more nutritious it still has a lot of sugar. 

I've never really been a soda drinker, I've always preferred the way energy drinks taste and I also dont like the sugar free ones. 

Might be good to mention im in Norway so I dont have access to a lot of American products.",Good substitutes for energy drinks
658,qbxj1p,nutrition,"The brand Mama Lucia meatballs have almost always had littles bits of bone grinded into the meat, and its not like one meatball in the bag.. every meatball has bits of bones in it and nothing about bones are in the ingredients. Is this legal? Can the bones hurt my insides? The likely answers are yes and no but still.. My mom loves  the brand but the bones grinding my teeth as I chew is shuttering.",Question about meatballs
659,qbw4az,nutrition,"Hi 
Does eating two kinds of protein wrong? 

Like eating chicken and beef in the same meal

Because we have argument about this and i don't know who's right",Who is right 🤔 .. and why
660,qbuwrj,nutrition,"What would happen if someone were to eat once every 48 hours, but eat very unhealthily (ex. fast food, chocolate, soda) would they gain any weight? What exactly would happen to their body?",48h fasting + fast food
661,qbsoe5,nutrition,What are some foods we as a society deem as nutritious but aren’t actually?,Nutritious foods
662,qbsfjn,nutrition,"Hello everyone. I'm trying to be more self sufficient. One of those things including having my own place, so that's what I did. But I cannot afford a fridge for the next few months. I'm in search of foods that I can get that won't go bad but still satisfy my body needs. I have quite fast metabolism and if I am not eating good I always drop in weight (which is very bad, sometimes Im underweight).

Foods that I have on my list so far: bread, tahini, nuts, rice, couscous, cooking oil, sugar, canned fish.

My main concern is protein- what kind of foods are rich in protein but don't need refrigeration?",finally got a apartment for myself though I can't afford a fridge yet. what foods can I keep that are nutritional and also shelf stable?
663,qbrxch,nutrition,"Hi Reddit, I hope you could help with locating an online source for this information.

I've been searching high and low on PubMed and Google Scholar for a recent and complete list of plants. their polyphenols and bioflavonoids, etc (or the compounds and their natural sources), also their effects In Vivo (and or Vitro). But I haven't found one that's update to date/regularly updated.

An example would be resveratrol, how it's available in grapes, or fisetin and how it's available in strawberries and apples. Their effects in either up/downegulation of SMAD2/3, TGF-B, ROS, NO, VEGF, MAPK, Erk, etc. A bit deeper than it's antixidant or just that it's anti-inflammatory.

Has anyone come across any online source that can give me this type of information. Hopefully in a table format?",A complete and comprehensive list of natural or organic compounds and their effects?
664,qbrueu,nutrition,"With the countless varieties of bread available these days, which ones are good from a nutritional perspective?",How does one choose bread these days?
665,qbqocv,nutrition,"Sorry if this is in the wrong space. I’m looking to see what the “best” multi is right now. I know what google says but I prefer the good people of Reddit. I’m a 40yo male who’s just recently started getting back in the gym…6’3, 230…trying to get back to that 215 range. Typically have always just taken the nature made men’s multi but was curious as to if there would be something better without breaking the bank. I’ve heard decent things about ON, I remember animal packs being pretty popular, and am semi intrigued by the TB12 multi but have never found someone that’s taken those, or if it’s just a scam by Tom Brady. Thanks",Multi vitamin Rec.
666,qbq7ze,nutrition,"I am looking for the easiest way to keep track of calories. I used MyFitnessPal for a long time, and I've tried others, but I give up on them because it's too many clicks every time I want to enter my calories. Basically, I want to be able to open an app, click ""add,"" enter a number, click ""done,"" and have it add to the daily total. I don't care about logging the specific foods or keeping track of which meal the calories belonged to.

It doesn't even need to be a food-specific app; I looked at some basic math-type counting apps, but couldn't find one that does this easily.

I figure I could just leave a running total in the calculator app, as long as I don't need to use the calculator app for anything else that day, but is there a better way?",Is there an app to count calories without entering the foods?
667,qbpxa4,nutrition,I’ve heard conflicting things about the practice. Can someone maybe give me some pros/cons fir eating cucumbers before bedtime?,Is eating cucumbers at night a good or bad thing for sleep?
668,qblzqi,nutrition,"What is your job right now, how did you get it. Did you go to Uni?",A question for working nutritionists
669,qblcon,nutrition,Does caffeine have any negative effects like besides tremors and faster heartbeat? Can it effect your nutrition and your overall physical health over long term?,"Caffeine, long term intake"
670,qbjjzz,nutrition,"Good afternoon,

I try to be health conscious... I wanted input on if my gumbo is healthy or not.

ingredients

1/2 cup canola oil + 1/2 all purpose flour for the roux (how bad is this??? I think it is the most unhealthy part- and what I am most worried about)

4 bell peppers (all 4 colors)

1 onion

5/6 celery stalks

1 bunch of parsley

1 bunch of chives

4 garlic cloves

3/4 pound chicken breasts

3/4 pound shrimp

5 oz of turkey sausage ( HEB brans- 6 grams fat/ 1.5 saturated fat per 2 ounces)

2 tbsp slap ya mama seasoning

2 tbsp gumbo file

I serve it with whole grain brown rice.... and this is usually creates 4 servings for me. 

How nutritious is this really? I am also open to suggestions for how to make it healthier. 

Thank you for your time!",how healthy (or not) is my gumbo?
671,qbir9i,nutrition,"What are some healthy snacks that can substitute store bought and that are easy to make? My family doesn't like to consume fruit in natura and I know too much nuts is actually harmful, so I'd like to vary a little more.",Healthy snacks?
672,qbh1uu,nutrition,"It is chocked with protein, fats and carbs, and is super caloric. Thoughts?",Lasagna for meeting macros and calorie daily needs?
673,qbgbp4,nutrition,"Hi! I really enjoy sparkling water but have heard conflicting advice on it. I've heard it makes you hungrier, based on a study where the bubbles stimulating the stomach lining released 6x times extra the amount of hunger hormones in rats. I've also heard it has a satiating affect, because the bubbles makes one feel fuller. I have also heard that it expands the stomach, making you eat more. I don't know what to think at this point, I'd rather not start eating more because of my sparkling water. Now I don't know whether to drink it, and that makes me anxious!",Opinions on sparkling water?
674,qbg2vt,nutrition,"So I bought a pack of frozen fish at Sams club because they were cheap and I'd never heard of it before, figured I'd try it out. But after a bit of googling it seems Swai Fish is actually not good for you because of how they're raised and farmed. But like I already bought the pack so should i just eat the 12 ish fillets over the next month and just not get more or throw it out and get something else?",Is it ok to eat Swai Fish?
675,qbf39v,nutrition,"Read this somewhere, but it's so difficult to google without knowing what sources to trust. Answers wary from ""not at all"" to even recommending it as a form of cancer treatment.","Does fasting actually force your body to target ""bad"" cells in a way that prevents cancer?"
676,qbetlp,nutrition,or what foods should I cut in order to avoid belly bloat at all costs,is there any anti-bloat diet?
677,qbal1a,nutrition,"(On here, because I trust this sub a lot lol.)

The days are getting shorter and darker and it's high in Vitamin D and A. But, are there any (obvious or not so obvious) downsides???? Beside overconsumption.",What's the general consensus about cod liver oil?
678,qbahd2,nutrition,"Are seed/vegetable oils healthy to consume? I've been hearing they cause a lot of health issues.

Thanks",Seed/vegetable oils
679,qb8oii,nutrition,"A good friend and I are currently disagreeing about this and honestly we are not knowledgeable enough to really know so can anyone help?

One of us is saying that nutrients are nutrients and calories are calories. Basically that if you consume 1k calories your body accepts and generally processes them the same whether they are calories from alcohol or a traditional food (excluding the other work your body does to process the alcohol specifically). Also carbs for example and other nutrients are processed the same whether they are from beer or pasta. So eating your daily calories in food or fasting and drinking many beers instead isn’t a lot different. (Assuming you ate foods with similar nutrient content, We both get that there is more than purely calories at play).

The other one of us says that not all calories are equal and even though you could possibly have a higher carb percentage in your diet if you fasted and drank 15 beers for example, that those calories would be processed differently by your body and that somehow or another it could be as if you consumed less in total that day.

Who would be more correct and why? I could of course answer any questions if I’m explaining this disagreement poorly. But thank you all for attempting!",Do alcohol calories count as much? Settle an argument…
680,qb82s6,nutrition,Does it have any of the benefits it's claimed to have or is it just a fancy trend food ?,Is nutritional yeast actually good?
681,qb0vqv,nutrition,"&amp;#x200B;

[https://us.womensbest.com/products/different-energy-drink?variant=39473484890177](https://us.womensbest.com/products/different-energy-drink?variant=39473484890177)  Is it a good drink (ingredients wise)  in your opinion? And no im not sponsored by them or anything just came across it on insta and it looks good to me but what do you think?",Opinion on this Health Drink?
682,qb031g,nutrition,"I am thinking of flours that one finds in processed foods at ""natural"" food stores. So for example bean flours, rice flour, quinoa, buckwheat flour, etc. Why would highly processed quinoa flour in chips be any better than corn flour? Or are these esoteric flours treated differently in milling that allows them to be better?",Are esoteric flours actually healthy?
683,qayh8c,nutrition,"You know, there is a thing in eggs called ""Avidin"" that binds to biotin in our body, but it destroys while cooking. So my question is, how long should I boil the eggs in order to diminish the avidin but at the same time keep the yolk raw?",About cooking eggs
684,qaxrhm,nutrition,"I've found a number of sources online that suggest this to be true, but none that I've ever heard of before, just a bunch of small blog-type websites. Has anyone seen any proof of this from a more ""official"" source before?",Is it true that acidic marinades make meat easier to digest?
685,qawytw,nutrition,"Hi everyone!

I am part of a group of students from Boston University. We need your help if you are a dietician or a nutritionist. Could you please take the time to fill out this survey? All of your information will be kept confidential, and it would help us, students, out!

[https://bostonu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV\_3n1UEbZBAeXeKGO](https://bostonu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_3n1UEbZBAeXeKGO)",Survey for Dieticians or Nutritionists
686,qaww1d,nutrition,"I want to start bringing my lunch to work with me everyday (I currently just do drive through/takeout everyday). When I think about brown-bagging it, my mind goes to a sandwich with lunchmeat, but I know those are typically deemed not good for you. What does everyone recommend for repeatable, healthy, hopefully frugal brown-bag contents?","Best practice for replacing old school ""brown bag"" lunch?"
687,qawlbt,nutrition,"If you eat them in the same meal, does it give you a complete source of protein?",Is Pearl Barley and Rolled Oats a Complete Protein?
688,qavhqj,nutrition,"So I was comparing the nutritional values between an expensive whole wheat bread, with a cheap white bread. They were basically the same thing. I only noticed: A slight decrease in calories and carbs, and about 10% more protein and fibres. That's all. 

I'm pretty sure something I'm doing is not accurate though. What am I missing out here? Thanks for the help!",Whole wheat and White bread have basically the same nutritional value?
689,qav9js,nutrition,"Ive heard added sugar is bad and obviously too much is. But what are the specific effects of it on the body, skin, and mental health???",All the negative effects of added sugar?
690,qauu58,nutrition,"Hey people, I'm doing a little bulk atm and was eating almonds which (I think) contain lots of healthy fats. But 150g contain 82,5g fats which can't be healthy or am I wrong? My fat total for the day is 190g (soo much!!)
In total I have a surplus of 300 calories for the day, so I'm not crossing a line in terms of eating way too much. I'm a little bit confused right now 😅",Is it unhealthy to eat lots of unsaturated fats?
691,qatol8,nutrition,Considering the fact that the liver pates in my country have about 30% liver and the rest is pork fat and som spices.,Does store bought liver pate count as processed food?
692,qat39a,nutrition,"For a person that works out, will eggnog be a good choice for a protein snack?",Is eggnog a good source of protein?
693,qasmkp,nutrition,"While on a 1500 calorie diet with the goal of losing weight, does it really matter if the food is processed or unprocessed as long as I reach all the daily nutritional requirements?",1500 calories a day question
694,qasc68,nutrition,"As both a food scientist and someone with a nutrition-adjacent degree, I’ve always wondered what the nutrition community thought of food scientists &amp; their role in the food industry. As a lurker in this sub, there’s tons of posts around topics such as “highly processed” foods &amp; functional ingredients such as hydrocolloids or natural preservatives being generally bad. 

So as someone who creates food/beverage products for the masses as a career, just interested to hear everyone’s thoughts!",What is the nutrition community’s opinion on food scientists?
695,qarvqx,nutrition,https://youtu.be/BxSsVB6gjV4,Lose weight in 10 minutes
696,qaqqnj,nutrition,What happens at a physical I’ve never gotten one or I was just to younger to remember n I’m extremely uncomfortable rn someone help me pls,Physical or whatever
697,qapvhg,nutrition,"I don't like the taste of uncooked vegetables. I don't have a lot of time to cook everyday. But I am trying to make an effort eat something rather than junk for gut health, brain, and mood benefits.

So can I just put a bunch of leafy greens and roots in a pot and just eat this? (cabbage, spinach, broccoli, greens, kayle, carrots, beets, ginger, turmeric, asparagus, onions, potatoes, etc) with some kind of meat (beef, chicken, salmon) all at once to eat over a whole the week?

I feel like while maybe its not the healthiest (apparently heat destroys some vitamins and minerals), but surely it must be an upgrade over fast food and processed junk?",Is throwing a bunch of vegetables in a pot and cooking them in water considered healthy?
698,qaprb6,nutrition,I heard someone talking about uridine. I googled it but i dont understand. So it makes you want to workout?,What is uridine?
699,qamvim,nutrition, Hello ! What screening tests do you use to diagnose malnutrition in children with cancer?,Мalnutrition in children with cancer
700,qam3e3,nutrition,Follow @wakeupandreadthelabels on Instagram! Great information about clean eating . Really an eye opener.,Ig page for Clean eating.
701,qal27r,nutrition,I would like to start a Cutting diet but have ZERO idea on how to count Macros while Cutting. All I know that Protein have to be the highest but what about fat and carbs and how do count everything on meals?,How to count Macros while Cutting?
702,qaiisr,nutrition,"I don’t do this daily, but occasionally I will make a few things throughout the day using erythritol and it adds up quite a bit. Is there any risk whatsoever with consuming this much on a semi regular basis? 

If so - is there any artificial sweetener that is universally recognized as having no risk even when consuming in large quantities?",Are there any risks of consuming a large amount (100+ grams) of erythritol?
703,qaih8p,nutrition,"the question arise for me because i havent got  idonion in m [diet.So](https://diet.So) two days ago i decide to start eating one table spoon of salt each morning beacuse google said you need that amount of salt daily,  So the question i have been wondering if  it´s  unhealty to consume that much salt at once ? i",is it ok to eat on sponn of salt without anything
704,qahf5b,nutrition,If you eat a lot of veggies in a single meal would you have a lower % of the total micronutrients found in the meal absorbed? Not sure if that makes sense,Does quantity of vegetables eaten in a sitting effect the amount of micronutrients absorbed?
705,qah9n5,nutrition,Not all Snake Oil are created equal. I wanted to ask you what things to look for when choosing good Snake Oil. I know nutrition is one important thing. What else should I look for?,Which Snake Oil do you recommend?
706,qagyeh,nutrition,"I am not sure if I framed the question correctly. I learned that you should aim to drink roughly 1 oz of water for every kg of body weight, more if you work out. I imagine the ideal scenario is to split up the drinking volumes. But are there consequences for drinking 1/3 of your daily allotment in one setting?",Are there consequences for drinking too much water in a single setting?
708,qael1b,nutrition,"Hey guys, I've recently started 16/8 intermittent fasting (alongside resistance exercise to lose fat), and noticed I'm getting an absurdly low amount of calories during those 8 hours due to just not being hungry after my first meal, but I'll be hungry during the times the fast won't let me eat. Some days my intake will be as low as 400 cal, and it never reaches above 1000 cal. Most of my meals are high in protein, fiber, and unsaturated fat, and I cut down on sugar and highly processed food. I'm taking multivitamins and iron supplements as well. I don't feel bad or anything and I still have a decent amount of energy, but the absurdly low calorie numbers have me worried. Is this something I should stop?",Intermittent fasting but getting very few calories. Need advice
709,qadt0k,nutrition,"I know every body process the food differently. In my experience on a vegan diet, white beans make me smell like sewage like no other food.",Which food makes you fart with the most disgusting smell? Serious question
710,qad2k8,nutrition,"Boiled chickpeas with a bit of water, put in a blender, add to it coriander leaves, parsley, 1/2 sweet onion and garlic cloves.",Is this soup I’m making healthy for soft tissue regeneration?
711,qaasoe,nutrition,"Hey, I’m at the end of my day and I still need 50 grams of carbs no more fat and 10 grams of protein any suggestions",50G carbs snack New to fully tracking Macros
712,qa9i57,nutrition,"I just made a tuna wrap, 100g can used, but now I read that Mercury from the Tuna can poison me? I don’t want that ahah. Should I Chuck the wrap away? Or is it safe to eat!
I had a tuna sandwich and wrap last week too!!",Tuna and Mercury
713,qa7r3r,nutrition,I know generally having low fat is not really a great option. I’m not trying to lose weight but generally be a bit healthier. I’ve been following the “health at every size” framework and I just wanted to find out about this. I probably don’t go over the recommended 90g a day but I wanted to know if it still counts if it’s lean? (That’s going for all types of red/processed meat),Is red meat still bad if you have it lean?
714,qa66a1,nutrition,Would eating a beyond burger frequently be bad for me or good for me? Any thoughts on these burgers?,Are Beyond Burgers Actually Healthy?
715,qa50hl,nutrition,"they seem to show same nutritional value but just wondering if there is a difference, or is it the exact same brand and nothing changed?","whats the difference between alpro almond unsweetened milk and the same one but with ""bio"" written on it? [asking because the ""bio"" one is cheaper on amazon]"
716,qa4hxg,nutrition,"We know dried fruit is not hydrating (no water in it) and it is more calorically dense per serving, but do other properties change? (fiber, protein, minerals, vitamins, ect)","Assuming there is no sugar added, what is the nutritional difference between dried fruit and fresh fruit?"
717,q9zmpj,nutrition,I'm pretty simple. I like Brussel sprouts and don't really feel like buying/making other vegetables.,Is it unhealthy if Brussel sprouts are my only vegetable?
718,q9yo0m,nutrition,"I know Dr. Greger says it leads to [more omega-3 in the blood](https://nutritionfacts.org/video/which-are-better-chia-seeds-or-flax-seeds/), but not whether it does anything to fiber absorption or other nutrients. Googling brings up this blog saying [it doesn't hurt anything](http://www.mendosa.com/blog/?p=233), but I want to make sure. Also, does making dough with it destroy fiber or nutrients?",Does grinding chia seeds to flour destroy fiber or nutrients? What about adding water to make dough?
719,q9x0dw,nutrition,"Hey guys, i have a question. Just by looking at the nutrition label, how can i tell if it is a hypotonic, hypertonic or isotonic drink?","hypotonic, hypertonic and isotonic drinks"
720,q9tn3b,nutrition,Considering switching to rice but I’m curious on what everyone thinks,"What is healthier to eat, a chicken breast sandwich on two slices of sourdough, or a chicken breast with 1-2 cups of white rice?? ."
721,q9tib1,nutrition,"My boyfriend and I keep trying to eat better and can’t seem to come up with plans that don’t feel restrictive or confusing. 

How does one consult a nutritionist? Do you hire them? Does it have to be through our insurance (our policies suck and it’s hard to get appts in general right now)? When you do hire one, how often do you meet? Any insight into this would be so appreciated!",Hiring a nutritionist for help w/meal planning?
722,q9rs2p,nutrition,"If a water brand claims to have natural electrolytes, but the label says 0mcg of calcium and potassium, what should I believe?",Water Bottle Label
723,q9rpky,nutrition,"Severe headache, irritability, trouble sleeping.

I've tried vitamin D, C, B2, B12, magnesium. Nothing has worked so far.

I'd appreciate any advice. Thank you.",What deficiency can cause these symptoms?
724,q9qym6,nutrition,"What happens to the male body age 20s on a diet of 1000 cals/day for 6 month? (Diet is  minimal fruits, protein shakes, fast food)",What happens to the human body on an average diet of 1000 cals/day?
725,q9p9n8,nutrition,"I don't usually eat sugary treats, but when I do eat this straight-sugary snack, I get uncharacteristically furious at little things. Like clockwork. Really weird.",Does anyone else get really mad after eating jam on toast?
726,q9octz,nutrition,"If someone grew up but reading vegetables at all, and can't even choke down a salad, how do you help them eat more vegetables now that they are an adult?",how do you cook vegetables for someone who grew up not eating them?
727,q9msxi,nutrition,"I'm seeking a healthier alternative to colas, without sodium or phosphoric acid, but still having caffeine and carbonation.  Most caffeinated carbonated drinks seem use phosphoric acid and/or contain sodium.  Is there an alternative lurking out there that I've missed?

As a related question, *why* do caffeinated carbonated drinks prevailingly use phosphoric acid?",CO2 carbonated drink with caffeine but not phosphoric acid or sodium
728,q9mo8w,nutrition,"I was hoping someone in the know about nutrition could tell me if the daily recommended amount of Potassium has changed. I swear it was around 4,200mg daily before, and I've never in my life been able to reach that. But now when I log my food on the same app, it says 2,800mg, which is much more obtainable for me.

I tried looking it up and couldn't find anything. Does anyone know if this is the case or am I crazy?

Thank you in advance!",Did the Daily Potassium Requirement Change?
729,q9lwe8,nutrition,"many people are talking about it now and it's crazy how much of a meme it is. what do you guys think? have stuck to more sources of omega-3 for a long time now (olive oil, cod liver etc) but glad it's gaining so much traction with the masses. my girlfriend even sent me this when shopping for clothes jfc
https://young-england-clothing.creator-spring.com/listing/no-more-seed-oils",NO MORE SEED OILS
730,q9jaa2,nutrition,Only 5 grams of ginger consist of 87% RDA of manganese. Is it have to be eaten raw for absorbing all of that or can I make tea out of it instead? Does it release its manganese content to the water?,"Is Ginger ""tea"" a good source of Manganese?"
732,q9h9cu,nutrition,"I've been feeling sluggish lately and I think I might the lacking in Vitamin B. Should I try taking B12, B6 or a B complex?","B12, B6 or B complex?"
733,q9exp6,nutrition,"I don't even feel that hungry, how is this happening?",I haven't eaten anything in 28 hours
734,q9eggz,nutrition,"Can someone please tell me what im lacking in if I have dark circles while still getting 8+ hours of sleep? Im 18 so its not an age thing, do I need more sun exposure? What type of nutrition am I lacking in?",Dark circles but get sleep
735,q99l9g,nutrition,"The milks available would be coconut, rice, hazelnut, almond, oat, soy, cashew, pea, &amp; alpro growing up milk.",What combination of 3 plant based milks would provide the best nutritional intake while still relatively low in calories?
736,q98q0y,nutrition,"When proofing bread dough, yeast eats the sugars in the flour to produce card in dioxide and provide rise to the bread. 

How does this affect the gross carbs in the finished product? So, if my loaf has 100g worth of carbs from raw flour, roughly how many will it have after the yeast has eaten some of them?",How does proofing bread dough affect carb levels?
737,q95i2n,nutrition,"mean keto , vegan , carnivore , low fat , low carb etc ?",Is their any magic in any diet ?
738,q917j2,nutrition,"I saw on the label for this powder

https://www.amazon.co.uk/Organic-Camu-1kg-Superfood-Outlet/dp/B07VTMJQKG/ref=mp_s_a_1_1_sspa?dchild=1&amp;keywords=camu+camu+superfood&amp;qid=1634344175&amp;sr=8-1-spons&amp;psc=1&amp;spLa=ZW5jcnlwdGVkUXVhbGlmaWVyPUEzM1laRzhBSldWVTVXJmVuY3J5cHRlZElkPUEwMDI1ODI4MkFKQUxEMElZNjYzTSZlbmNyeXB0ZWRBZElkPUEwNTk2Njc1MTBIQTc4T0lRMzkySiZ3aWRnZXROYW1lPXNwX3Bob25lX3NlYXJjaF9hdGYmYWN0aW9uPWNsaWNrUmVkaXJlY3QmZG9Ob3RMb2dDbGljaz10cnVl#immersive-view_1634344186364

There’s 50g of carbs but very little of it is accounted for in the fiber and sugar stats. There isn’t much starch in it either according to this

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4296744/?back=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com%2Fsearch%3Fclient%3Dsafari%26as_qdr%3Dall%26as_occt%3Dany%26safe%3Dactive%26as_q%3DCamu+Camu+starch%26channel%3Daplab%26source%3Da-app1%26hl%3Den

So what are the unaccounted carbs? Is it some sort of indigestible carb which enters the colon just like fiber or something?","Apart from fiber, starch and sugar, what other carbs are in foods?"
739,q8zxp2,nutrition,I cook my beef in a crock pot overnight on low,will beef still have vitamin B12 after being cooked?
740,q8zixz,nutrition,"Was it a myth you believed as a child? A debunked scientific claim? Or just updated science?

For me, it was learning in high school that dried mangoes (at least, as sold in most of the US) are way too full of sugar and sulfates to consider “healthy-eat often”.",What nutritional fact were you most disappointed to learn?
741,q8ysgc,nutrition,"What is honey like compared to sugar, in terms of nutriton? What are its effects on the body? Will regular consumption lead to the same types of health issues?",Is honey healthy?
742,q8wq0h,nutrition,"Which types of Carbohydrates raise the Hemoglobin A1c levels in a person? My current understanding is a lot of food has \*some\* carbs, however, not all of them are considered ""bad"" in terms of lowering Hemoglobin A1c. Like broccoli may have 6g of carbohydrates, but they are okay. Whereas bread may have 15g of carbohydrates and does raise Hemoglobin A1c. What patterns of ingredients or other things can I look out for at the grocery store when purchasing food so I do not buy these ""bad"" carb food?",What type of carbs raises Hemoglobin A1c?
743,q8wclj,nutrition,"I hated it as a child, but now I love it.  I put it in pasta, and salad, and even eat it alone.",Broccoli is simply incredible.
744,q8vnya,nutrition,So I just bought creatine for the first time and the recommended daily dose is 3-5g. However my serving size is 1 scoop= 5.1g. Is this .1 g a huge deal or no? Since this will add up over time.,Creatine scoop amount daily dosage
745,q8v7ip,nutrition,"Evening all, was hoping to get some advice. My wife has just had her blood work come back and she has very high  Immunoglobulin E (IgE) levels (333.60).  


Does anyone know what this might mean?",High Immunoglobulin E (IgE) levels.
746,q8sss3,nutrition,"Just hoping to confirm because this seems really high for what looks like very little pasta: as I'm bulking, this almost seems too good to be true. Is dry pasta really this dense?","166g linguine, dry: 500-600 cals? Is this correct?"
747,q8s7r1,nutrition,"I am looking for any foods or vitamins, who can help for a better looking skin tone.",Good foods for a better skin looking?
748,q8oax6,nutrition,"A noble prize was received this year in regard to left hand and right hand molecules 

https://www.instagram.com/p/CUsDjv6sUTo/?utm_medium=copy_link

In the picture the chose to show lemonin molecules in lemons are mirror images of the ones in oranges

While it is known that sugers and amino acids on planet earth must be single sided (all left handed)

It made me think - does this has any effect on nutritional value - does the body knows how to use molecules which are right handed the same way as left handed 

Couldn't find any studies ...",right hand vs left hand nutrients molecules
749,q8oa68,nutrition,"Also, is it healthy enough to eat daily?",Is a serving of Marmite enough for the daily required B12 intake?
750,q8k4y1,nutrition,"I've been having granola with milk, banana and honey for breakfast every morning, together with a cup of coffee, and it kind of feels to sweet to be actually healthy. I've read it's good to substitute added sugar for honey, but how much honey is ok daily? What are the pros and cons of it?",How healthy is Honey?
751,q8jsvw,nutrition,"We all know **chicken thigh has more fat/calories than breast**, BUT why **USDA** says they have the **SAME**?????

Chicken, broiler or fryers, breast, skinless, boneless, meat only, raw -&gt; 120kcal / 100g  
[https://fdc.nal.usda.gov/fdc-app.html#/food-details/171077/nutrients](https://fdc.nal.usda.gov/fdc-app.html#/food-details/171077/nutrients)

Chicken, broilers or fryers, dark meat, thigh, meat only, raw -&gt; 121 kcal / 100g [https://fdc.nal.usda.gov/fdc-app.html#/food-details/173627/nutrients](https://fdc.nal.usda.gov/fdc-app.html#/food-details/173627/nutrients)",Chicken Breast vs Thigh - same calories says USDA?????
752,q8jgn8,nutrition,"From my very basic understanding of nutrition, the less the food is processed the healthier it is due to less preservatives and more nutrients found in the foods. So I wanted to know what are all the foods you guys make that you thoroughly enjoy eating that doesn’t break the bank and satisfy no only your nutritional needs but also your taste buds. 

Please refrain from any obvious answers like an apple. I want to see what inventions or ideas people have discovered or even created that meets there needs. Also I know there are articles out there about this and I have read them but most of them feel like they’re selling me something instead of actually information me of good recipes or ideas. If I have posted in the wrong sub please let me know and I’ll post it in a more adequate sub","The most nutritional meals that is simple, affordable, tasty and relatively quick to make that you personally enjoy"
753,q8hc23,nutrition,"For eg, if I made 12oz (raw weight) chicken wings and after eating I was left with about 4oz in bones. So in the app, do I login 12oz of chicken wings or 8oz (12-4)?",How to measure calories of meat with bones?
754,q8ftx6,nutrition,Particularly when losing weight? It seems like the one thing that is hard to get your daily dose of and I’m not sure how that impacts the body.,How important is potassium?
755,q8fpu9,nutrition,I have Google this question several times and get so many different answers. Sometimes the calories differ by 100 or 200 for the same amount. Any idea how many calories are actually in an ounce of raw skinless chicken breasts?,How many calories in raw skinless chicken breast?
756,q8eotz,nutrition,"So we always talk about the complexities of the various nutrients and combinations but we never talk about timing, metabolism, and digestion as really important dimensions.

Something I often wonder is we see the ""science"" online that you can digest roughly 10 grams of protein every hour.  It is why they say a meal in bodybuilding can't be more than 25-30 grams of protein as that is all we can digest.

But our digestive system is a bit more complex than that.... also digestion and metabolism takes hours and hours and hours.  If that was remotely true people living on one or two meals a day would be nearly deficit in everything....

So does anyone actually know how nutrient digestion works?

The timing, the realities, the figures, can someone do a huge ELI5 type reply please!",We always talk about the nutrients but never the...
757,q8bj39,nutrition,"In every package of 15% ground Turkey vs 15% ground beef at my local supermarket, the ground Turkey has more cholesterol and more sodium. The saturated fat is like 10% lower which seems barely significant.",Is ground Turkey a healthier option than ground beef? The nutrition facts seems to argue otherwise.
758,q89bf7,nutrition,"Title says it all. I am already aware of why most modern diets are so much higher in Omega 6 than 3, but am just wondering if there is any preferential absorption of Omega-6 over Omega-3?  

Essentially, if diet was optimized for Omega 3-to-6 ratio, would our bodies and cells reflect this, or is there any kind of absorption preference to omega 6? 

Or does Omega 6 get stored in cells longer than omega 3, so due to bioaccumulation an older person might have a less ideal ratio than a younger person??

&amp;#x200B;

Thank you!","Does the body preferentially absorb Omega-6 over Omega-3, or is the modern diet just far higher in it?"
759,q88sh1,nutrition,"There are controversial data in the literature on the use of dairy products in endometriosis due to the possible content of estrogen hormones. Should they be ruled out if there is no lactose intolerance?

Do dairy products affect the level of hormones, tumor markers, the size of cysts in endometriosis?",Dairy products and endometriosis.
760,q88e6h,nutrition,I am 6'1 175lbs. What's by bodyfat %?,Estimate Body Fat %
761,q870my,nutrition,"Just saw that white rice has a higher glycemic index then sugar, i go to the gym and don't like eating white rice, too filling, so could i just eat white sugar straight?",is it healthier to just eat refined sugar instead of white rice?
762,q86ixq,nutrition,What are the highest foods ?,what foods are high in Tryptophan
763,q867ia,nutrition,"Hello All... 

Upon reading the sub rules, I read #5 that states:

5. No personal situation or diet eval posts

Isn't that part of people helping people with nutrition?  Please help me make sense of this rule so I can post property.  

Thanks.",Help explain this Sub's rule #5
764,q83gld,nutrition,"Lets say my body currently needs proteins/amino acids for muscle building, aren't the amino acids technically used for that and not broken down for calories and therefore have ''no'' calories?

Or how does that work?",Does protein still have calories if it is used for body maintenance?
765,q82v9m,nutrition,"When you see the specific nutrient info of say, broccoli, does that info change based on what method/how long you cook it?",Does cooking food degrade the nutrient content?
766,q82lfh,nutrition,What is completely necessary to make a plant-based diet healthy?,What tips and advice would you give to someone following a plant based diet?
767,q81cjp,nutrition,"Currently I take vitamin C+ Zinc, Fish oil, Omega 6, VIT.E and Polysaccharides in addition to folic acid. Am I doing something wrong? I’ve already consulted an expert to only two of these but I just added the fish oil and the Omega 6. Thanks",How many supplements can I take daily?
768,q7xxom,nutrition,"If I’m making my own food I usually log the calories of each individual ingredient, but I’m concerned that this will be in accurate because I’d assume that the caloric value of the food should change after it’s gone through the cooking process, so is there a way to account for this?",How to track calories after cooking?
769,q7xt52,nutrition,"If I’m making my own food I usually log the calories of each individual ingredient, but I’m concerned that this will be in accurate because I’d assume that the caloric value of the food should change after it’s gone through the cooking process, so is there a way to account for this? 

For example I made an omelette with some vegetables in an oven for dinner, but my calorie tracking app only lets me log pre-made omelette recipes from other restaurants/stores.",How to count calories of ingredients of food that’s been cooked?
770,q7x5a7,nutrition,"A high quality dark chocolate bar of 100gr has about 550 kcal and only 15gr of sugar. 

If this satisties you for the whole afternoon and you still do not eat too much calories over the whole day, would you say eating the wole bar every day fits in a healthy diet?",100g of dark chocolate (85%) per day
771,q7wrfn,nutrition,"What are your thoughts on IgG food intolerance tests? Science is skeptical towards them, but so many practitioners use them and patients report major improvements.

What is your go to method for food intolerances if it's not igG?",IgG food intolerance tests?
772,q7u8pg,nutrition,"Hi all,   


I am working towards building a generic program for fat loss + lean muscle gain. I wanted to know what should the values be for the following BMI ranges.  


Underweight (below 18.5) -   
Normal ( 18.5 to 24.9) - 1600-1800 kcal (the recipes currently are modeled on this BMI )  
Overweight ( 25 - 29.9):  
Obese 1 ( greater than 30) :    


The clients will enter their age, weight, and height, and using BMI only I want to make meal plans for them such that they are in a mild deficit of 1 lb loss per week. The meal plans will be balanced and I am working with a team of 5 RD's but they all seem to have varying values within a broad range. One of them has really hiked up the calories to above 2000 for Overweight and Obese and that is worrisome as I don't want my clients to gain weight instead of losing it.   


I will be providing workouts as well and they are 5-6 days a week and level-specific. Looking forward to valuable inputs from all of you!",Calorie Ranges for Deficit based on BMI Only
773,q7ogol,nutrition,"I kind of have a problem with circulation, but I keep it under control by exercising, eating foods such as beets, green tea, arugula, cacao, garlic, ginger and etc. But the problem is, the only protein that does not cause with circulation is Salmon. I tried eggs, they kind of slow my blood flow for some reason. I didn't tried red meat yet, but I'm worried. Any suggestions which protein sources to include?",Protein Source for Circulation
774,q7o2yq,nutrition,"I was reading about eggshells as a source of calcium, and didn't care for the texture, so since I was planning on making homemade hot sauce soon, I was wondering.

I found out eggshells can be dissolved in vinegar which if I understood correctly creates a chemical reaction producing CA H20 and CO2. I couldn't find anything on consuming calcium as a pure mineral since it's usually consumed as a phosphate or carbonate.

I was just wondering if dissolving eggshells in the vinegar I use for my hot sauce would make it a good source of calcium or if doing that would somehow negate the calcium or make it unabsorbable or something. I was hoping someone here might know since I'm having trouble finding any info through search engines.",Will dissolving eggshells in vinegar make the vinegar a source of calcium?
775,q7mq57,nutrition,"So let’s say u have a person who daily need 1,000 calories to maintain. If they eat all of their calories at once, how would the body react if the meal was comprised of mostly protein (greater than 50%) vs mostly carb (greater than 50%) or mostly fat (greater than 50%) would the fat storage/insulin response vary? I imagine it would depending on the type of carb as well.",Macros and meals
776,q7lzbn,nutrition,"Quando uma pessoa fica em silêncio, ela não fala nada.","Acredite se quiser, mas é isso mesmo"
777,q7lfx8,nutrition,"
Does it matter what brand you take? If I buy Brand A this month and then run out can I buy Brand B or it’s best to stick with Brand A all the way through?",Same brand of creatine?
778,q7lcxj,nutrition,Is GNC triple strength fish oil good or should I go for another brand,Gnc triple strength fish oil
779,q7l1ui,nutrition,"For example I know that berries should be consumed organic as they spray pesticides on them, same with apples and fresh vegetables, but what about fruits like bananas, papaya, kiwi etc. are they necessary to buy organic? The fruit is protected with its outer layer. Any other products I should know about??",What foods should be consumed organic?
780,q7jtou,nutrition,"Pretty much as the title says. Like does eating a meal when hot have more energy than if you let it go cold?

Now obviously from a physics perspective, something hot has more energy than the same thing cold. But with food, do you like, would you get more energy if you literally microwaved a sandwich and ate it?",does hot food have more energy than cold food?
781,q7hcll,nutrition,Just curious,Should you eat fiber at every meal and is it okay to take fiber supplements during/after/in between a meal?
782,q7g165,nutrition,"Like remembering to eat, preparing meals, eating healthy—when in a depressive episode",How do you manage eating when depressed?
783,q7fse6,nutrition,How long does it take for a malnourished person to become blind from nutritional optic neuropathy or damage their vision permanently from being malnourished? Is their eyesight the first to become damaged permanently from nutritional optic neuropathy?,How long does it take for a malnourished person to become blind from nutritional optic neuropathy or damage their vision permanently from being malnourished? Is their eyesight the first to become damaged permanently from nutritional optic neuropathy?
784,q7e3ct,nutrition,"Discussed a recent multivitamin w/ 2 Dr.'s yesterday and both say any vitamin, you need to be taking daily to get  benefits. I still believe - from taking pre-med classes back in the day - that for fat soluble minerals, for instance, you could take a vitamin every 4 days and get a benefit.

Because you can only store so much, any excess is flushed. So like minerals, for any fat soluble vitamin, taking it daily may actually be a waste. Without getting into depletion rates, such as from heavy exercise, some RDA's for ex. calcium, may vary. You could even consume too much, depending on diet.

But generally, the Dr.'s both think daily intake of whatever needs to take place. I still think you can get some benefit from less frequent intake.

Any thoughts? Would like the ability to create a poll...","Vitamin absorption: fat soluble, water soluble"
785,q772tr,nutrition,"Can you put examples ? Clearly there is difference in qualities like taste, smell, etc...

So you guys must have an idea.","What’s the nutritional value difference between Male vs Female Poultry, Meat, Fish and why ?"
786,q75o1a,nutrition,"I tend to think weight is at least somewhat genetic. I know people say that people are just bad at estimating their calorie consumption, but I've seen too many first hand examples to believe that genetics don't play a part. My question is, with the excess calories, how do some people burn them and some people store them as fat? Having more muscle mass burns calories, people metabolisms are different, does a person with a faster metabolism have slightly higher body heat or where does the energy actually go?",Do people store different amounts of fat from the same amount of calories?
787,q7379v,nutrition,"It's really weird, I know it's from the ACV because this is only my 2nd day drinking it at bedtime and both days I felt super hungry afterwards (at least it feels like hunger?) And I know it's supposed to SUPPRESS appetite so I'm confused at why my body's doing this lol. I know I've consumed enough calories too",Has Apple cider vinegar caused anyone else to have increased hunger?
788,q727s4,nutrition,"Does anyone know if garlic's anti-fungal and anti-baceterial mechanisms distinguish between ""good"" and ""bad""? 

Are garlic's benefits diminished by also eating a diet high in ""good fungi"" (ex. mushrooms) and ""good bacteria"" (ex. kimchi, yogurt)...","Garlic's anti-viral / anti-bacterial / anti-fungal benefits: Wasted on ""good"" fungi / ""good"" bacteria?"
789,q724ab,nutrition,"I want to eat more garlic for its anti-viral / anti-bacterial / anti-fungal benefits.

However, I wonder if these benefits are diminished by also eating a diet with ""good fungi"" (ex. mushrooms) and ""good bacteria"" (ex. kimchi, yogurt)...

To put it another way, does anyone know if garlic's anti-fungal and anti-baceterial mechanisms distinguish between ""good"" and ""bad""?","Garlic's anti-viral / anti-bacterial / anti-fungal benefits: Wasted if I eat ""good"" fungi / ""good"" bacteria?"
790,q718vm,nutrition,Specifically facial hair. So many supplement companies seem to have something for this.,"Hair growth supplements? Some say supplements, some say it’s all genetics. What say you????"
791,q6yv3j,nutrition,I want to figure out what protein sources to use,"What is the protein bioavailability of vegan protein sources such as wheat, soy, peas, nuts, and beans?"
792,q6yg6f,nutrition,"I am wondering if rice flour, particularly the glutinous rice flour/ mochiko/ sticky rice, used to make many Asian Sweets, is considered an unhealthy ultra processed food? 

From what I see it contains only rice therefore is a recognizable single whole food item. But I presume it is very high in starch and GI level.

Is it a healthy enough food to eat regularly? (I making coconut matcha mochi with kinako!)",Is glutinous rice flour considered ultra processed?
793,q6wb38,nutrition,I am toying with the notion of embarking on the challenging voyage that is an elimination diet. Does anyone know of any meal delivery services in the UK that could cater for this? My current situation means managing this myself would be difficult unfortunately.,Elimination diet food/meal delivery uk?
794,q6w5wy,nutrition,"In the grocery store I found stevia packets, I know people usually use them to sweeten coffee or even baked goods. I tried putting a packet in my protein shake and I don't know if there was much of a difference but I wanted to know if stevia is healthy to be consuming.",Is stevia healthy?
795,q6ufcv,nutrition,Does Soylent cause problems?,Does Soylent cause problems?
796,q6srbc,nutrition,Can Chia seeds be milled in a Ninja Blender?,Can Chia seeds be milled in a Ninja Blender?
797,q6soqq,nutrition,"Learned from this community Chia seeds need to be milled like Flax Seed in order to get the nutrition. Don't have the means to acquire a sprice grinder currently &amp; have a bunch of regular chia seeds. When adding to smoothies in the Ninja is this  sufficiently milling them, or do they need to be milled separately It's one of the less fancy models the Ninja BN701 and used on the smoothie setting if that makes any difference.",Milling Chia Seeds with a Ninja Blender
799,q6s35u,nutrition,"Say someone had the “perfect diet” nutrient-wise. Does the frequency and percentage of calories consumed in a given meal at a given time affect nutrient absorption?

Say there are several cases:

1. All calories consumed in one meal
    &gt; Does time of day (morning, afternoon, evening, night) consuming this massive meal have affect?

2. Several equal square meals

3. One massive meal, other smaller meals
    &gt; does the massive meal have different impacts when consumed at different times?

4. Constant grazing

_______________

What are the nutrient absorption characteristics for each scenario?",Does eating ‘too much’ at one time lead to wasted nutrients during digestion?
800,q6q3ql,nutrition,"I really love having the snicker doodle cookie with my dinner every night(eggs on toast or burrito, dr praegars broccoli/spinach littles, a yogurt or fruit but mainly yogurt, and a glass of oatmilk) is there any harm to it?",Thoughts on Quest Cookies?
801,q6n4yk,nutrition,"So I mean not things like chicken breast, protein shake, Protein bar ect?",What’s your favorite creative way to get in protein not typical foods.
802,q6lrl4,nutrition,"I've been taking these supplements (listed below) on a daily basis for about 2 months and was wondering if my intake is safe/optimal. I do IF and take them *all* in one go after my first meal at around 2:00 PM. 

1. Magnesium: 400mg
2. Vitamin B6: 25mg
3. Omega-3: 500mg EPA, 250mg DHA
4. Vitamin D-3: 4,000iu
5. Vitamin C: 500mg

Should I be concerned about any of these supplements clashing? Would I be better off distributing my intake throughout the day?",Correct way to consume supplements?
803,q6k1ir,nutrition,Do you know what [Guava fruit](https://www.healthshaft.com/guava-health-benefits-side-effects/) is said to be the magical fruit as it has excellent medicinal values and hence it has many health benefits .Guava is fully loaded with nutrients and minerals .,Guava Benefits for health
804,q6jqtp,nutrition,"How it does that ?

Is it true overconsumption of sugar and junk food accelarte aging. And so clean eating help restore some recovery",Why cleaan eating makes skin more glowing and looks younger ?
805,q6itpe,nutrition,How much artificial sweeter would you need to consume to have it effect your hunger. Trying figure out if the 6-10 grams(split between 3-4 coffees from 12-20oz) I add to my coffee each day has any affect,Artificial sweetener and hunger
806,q6hpa7,nutrition,"I’ve recently gotten very deep into weight training, and I’m looking for the most efficient way to see results. I typically have a protein shake (two scoops or 60g of protein post training) along with creatine and a meal. I was wondering if taking one protein shake with 60g of protein would be more beneficial, or if taking two shakes with 30g a piece spread out through the day would be better? I’ve always heard that the body can only absorb so much protein at once.  (I would plan on taking one shake after training in the morning, and then one in the evening with dinner)",Question about proper times to take protein supplements
807,q6hmi7,nutrition,Generally it’s considered bad for health. But is it really bad? have read some articles which state otherwise. Some say it’s the burnt oil and other unhealthy condiments used in meat preparations that cause the problem and not lean meat. Appreciate your expert views.,Consumption of red meat.
808,q6flna,nutrition,Get almost half my protein from soy so was wondering?,Is getting most of your protein intake from soy bad?
809,q6cybp,nutrition,"My mom just started a course of antibiotics for a lung disorder. She will be taking azithromycin, ethambutol and rifampin 3 days a week for months. What would be a good choice of probiotic to take along side these antibiotics?",Probiotics for heavy long term antibiotic does
810,q67981,nutrition,"Suppose there are two people (person A and person B) who burn 1800 calories per day. Person A had plenty of available carbs to use for energy, and person B didn't have any to burn. For the sake of argument, let's just assume person A used their available carbs for all of their energy and person B used exclusively fat stores for energy. 

Person A would burn 625 grams worth of ""stuff"" (625 grams of carbs x 4 calories per gram), whereas person B would burn only 300 grams worth of stuff (300 grams of fat x 9 calories per gram). Despite burning the exact same number of calories, the total mass that was used was significantly different. How can this mass difference be accurately tracked through calories?",Why is CICO such an accurate predictor of weight lost/gained?
811,q65jrm,nutrition,If you’re gonna drink… might as well make it the best it can be.,What’s the “healthiest” cocktail?
812,q64rp7,nutrition,"Let's say someone is on a balanced diet and the calorie intake roughly equals the burn rate which weight over the long term seems to confirm.

If that person does  indulge during the day and say have some extra cake or just any short-chain carbs, does the body produce and store the extra fat immediately or after a while?

Is there some sort of time window during which this excess can be metabolised, depending say on glycogen store levels etc?",Does body produce excess fat immediately after a calorie surplus?
813,q648y8,nutrition,"If white pasta has tons of fibre added, will it slow down the blood spike to where its similar to the whole wheat pasta, or na?",White pasta with lots of fibre compared to whole wheat pasta
814,q641o0,nutrition,"-red meat
-pork
-fish
-avocados
-eggs
-industrial seed oils
...",What are some foods high in fat?
815,q63bb2,nutrition,"Hi!

I am looking for a visual guide to calories in food, I've found a few on Amazon but there is no way to have a look to some of the pages if that's what I'm looking for

Which is a visual guide to get nutrition infos (calories and all) for a ""realistic"" quantity of food (not 100 gr of brazil nuts for example).

I'm not looking for a recipe book and I don't need to know how much calories there is in that fish curry.

Let me know if any of you know where I could find that kind of book! 

Thanks :)",Looking for a visual guide to calories in food
816,q61i64,nutrition,"Curious, and hoping to expand my food horizons",What does everyone eat on an average day?
817,q60wwo,nutrition,"can you maintain a healthy diet by eating “non leafy veggies”? like broccoli, string beans, peas, cauliflower, brussels sprouts

I’ve been back in the swing of working out and eating healthy. and i’m finding so much convenience in these “hard vegetables”

i can easily grab frozen broccoli, string beans and peas. with minute rice and soy sauce and make a quick vegetable rice bowl. and it’s all relatively cheap 

convenience is the biggest part of me maintaining this health streak. i don’t care about taste, i hate cooking. i just want healthy food in me. so quick, easy and cheap

buying kale and spinach can get expensive and then it ends up going bad. and making a salad can take a lot of time. especially when i’m trying to maintain this workout routine",Can you maintain a healthy diet with vegetables that aren’t leafy greens?
818,q606rl,nutrition,"DoFasting is the new, easier 3-in-1 solution for weight loss. Choose a fasting method that fits best into your lifestyle, learn to prepare healthy meals, and implement simple workouts into your daily routine.

Instead of strict dieting, we offer healthy foods that actually taste amazing. Instead of exhausting fitness routines, we’re giving you workouts that you can complete every day. We believe in sustainable results and tools that help you achieve them without sacrificing your lifestyle.",DoFasting Mobile Intermittent Fasting App
819,q5zzki,nutrition,"Hi everyone! 

If you had to plan one day of meals and snacks for an active adult containing healthy/nutritious foods, that also are easy to eat and energy dense, how would it look?",One day of nutritious eating for an adult with low appetite
820,q5zo0p,nutrition,"I’ve read so many articles saying ALL bread is unhealthy for you, regardless of whether it’s white or whole meal. Is this really true?",Is it unhealthy to eat bread?
821,q5xeqr,nutrition,"Hello
I’m on a diet and eat very healthy as I’m trying to lose body fat and gain muscle.
My morning breakfast includes:
1. 3 eggs 
2. 2 Rye bread slice
3. 2 Tbsp of natural peanut butter 

The Macros are : 27% Carbs (38g) / 50% Fat (30g) / 23% protein (30g)

I’m looking for an alternative for the days I don’t have time to make my self this breakfast, maybe some snack or drink or whatever things that contain the same macros.

Thanks for your help",morning breakfast for muscle gain alternative
822,q5wrff,nutrition,"I live in a city in Europe where I can't store lots of fresh produce in my apartment-sized fridge and that means I usually shop every 2 days. Planning, shopping, and storage are always a challenge and very time consuming, especially for a couple that works 50-60 hours a week. I'm curious how this is working out for others.

How often do you grocery shop to accommodate a plant-based diet? Which meals do you plan ahead for? How often do you opt for takeout/meals out?",Meal Planning and Shopping Practices for Plant-Based Diets
823,q5wer3,nutrition,"Can someone survive on nutrition drinks like Ensure, without solid foods, and get all the nutrients their body needs? Would their vitamin levels stay in normal range? Is Ensure (or something very similar) the same thing they give malnourished patients at the hospital?","Can someone survive on nutrition drinks like Ensure, without solid foods, and get all the nutrients their body needs? Would their vitamin levels stay in normal range? Is Ensure (or something very similar) the same thing they give malnourished patients at the hospital?"
824,q5wa5p,nutrition,I just saw a comparison between guava and apples and guava was better in pretty much every nutrients . Is guava really more healthier / nutritious than an apple ?,guava or apples ?
825,q5tbmg,nutrition,"Not advocate of keto. In fact this change might happen because me ceasing eating all junk food that I was usually eating daily. And you know the list of junk food is a big list. May be its the reason

I did keto for 1.5 month 2 years ago. I remember my face become so cute. So soft. Like im a little cute boy. I didnt like it per se. But I dont mind it if its a health marker",Why keto change the face of mine. Make it looks softer and whiter ?
826,q5rpl6,nutrition,Let's say 1 or 2 cans of soda (355-710ml) vs half a bottle (375ml) of red wine everyday. I know both options are less than ideal but would red wine be healthier or at least less bad because of much lower sugar?,Is red wine healthier than soda?
828,q5nm6b,nutrition,"Just curious to see what others have to contribute- but is there a perfect meal that would meet all macro and micro nutrients a person would need each day? 
Of course assuming there are no medical disorders requiring something out of the norm?
Also, does anyone here eat the same thing every day with great results?

I’m just here read what everyone has to say.

Of course I know weight loss/gain, other fitness goals etc will cause variations.",The Perfect Meal
829,q5m3nw,nutrition,"Heyo guys, I’ve been doing a bit of research on natural anabolic activators. Would it be healthy to run arachidonic acid, sapogenix, ecdysterone , and turkesterone? I’m thinking about blasting all 4. 

Thanks for the help",Natural Activstors
830,q5lfe6,nutrition,"It’s very hard to eat 3,300 calories worth of burgers, pasta, and French fries. It seems like you would have to eat all day. Is that what they do? Do they just spoon feed thermoses peanut butter all day?",Do professional athletes and runners really get 3000+ calories from fat and glucose?
831,q5l3yu,nutrition,"Say a naturally skinny person is around 130 pounds. If they run 10 miles and burn 1000 calories, they might need around 3,300 calories to maintain. How the do they even get this amount of calories without eating the number 1 most unhealthy food, refined sugar. I feel like the only way to eat enough is to eat tons and tons of peanut butter, but sometimes I wonder how all that fat makes your digestive system feel. Thoughts?",Is high-fat the only healthy diet option for low-BMI athletes?
832,q5iu41,nutrition,"Title. 

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks",Can you live nutritionally healthy strictly just eating beans and rice (without your greens or meat)?
833,q5irpy,nutrition,"Hi all,

I hope you're all doing well.

As the title says, I'm looking for alternate ways to sweeten my oatmeal (so other than brown sugar, peanut butter, fruit, etc.) 

For those of you that love oatmeal as much as I do, what is your favourite, healthy way to sweeten it?

Thanks in advance.

Best,

S.H.",Sweetening Oatmeal - Insight
834,q5hc80,nutrition,I don’t get itttt.,What’s the difference between a kcal and calorie?
835,q5hau3,nutrition,"Got a blood lipid panel since I’m on accutane (which is known to increase cholesterol levels) and my doc said I essentially need to reverse the two and make HDL increase and LDL decrease, but didn’t specify how; my total cholesterol was like 203 but he said my liver and triglycerides were perfectly fine. I’m extremely active and into body building and am kind of going through a dirty bulking phase

Do I need to avoid all cholesterol and sodium or is a little bit okay? I’ve already started to cut out trans / Saturated fats.  My goal is to eat around 2900 cals a day, how much cholesterol/ sodium /fat should I limit each to in order to do what’s needed? 

Any foods that are awesome with increasing HDL levels? Decreasing LDL levels?",Help with lowering cholesterol via food?
836,q5em3f,nutrition,"With the holidays approaching, I am wondering what the best way to count calories for turkey, ham, etc.. I bought a ham yesterday that has 120 calories (4g fat, 16g protein) per 3oz.. is this uncooked or cooked?.. I plan to cook the ham normally in the oven then portion out my ham afterwards using a good scale. Will 3oz still equal 120 calories or do I need to adjust my portion size factoring in the difference in cooked vs uncooked weight?? Haven’t been able to find a clear answer online. Thanks for your time!",Calorie Counting Meats
837,q5dzhk,nutrition,"I need to stay away from it because it causes pretty substantial cystic acne breakouts for me. 

Is it always listed on the ingredient labels as whey protein concentrate, or do I need to be on the lookout for other terms as well?

Any help would be appreciated. I didn't know any other subs to ask, and Google wasn't turning up much at all.",Is whey protein concentrate called anything else?
838,q5b6va,nutrition,"Just passing this along, this may be a no brainer but I just discovered these. Coconut aminos! Wow they are delicious and a healthy alternative to soy sauce. Highly recommend.",Coconut Aminos from Trader Joe’s
839,q58ptg,nutrition,I just read that milk actually isn’t good for bone growth and takes calcium away? I’ve been drinking milk for years to try to build strong bones and I’m doing more harm?,I heard milk actually isn’t good for you?
840,q54x5t,nutrition,"Cheerios with milk until 2500 calories then 2 kiwis a day for vitamin E and K.

Am I missing any vitamins/ nutrients or anything?
Many thanks",Can I be healthy on just cheerios and kiwi
841,q52bxz,nutrition,"I personally love a good schwarma on occasion but I imagine the nutrition would be quite fatty and high in protein.   

At least a pita is quite smaller than a lafa so maybe that is a healthier version between to the options anyway. 

What do you all think, is schwarma healthy at all?",What do you think of Schwarma with pita or lafa in terms of a healthy meal?
842,q4tuq5,nutrition,Interested in learning what protein does for the body. What are the benefits? Is it that important for a vegetarian to hit protein macros each day?,What does protein do for the body?
843,q4t1yy,nutrition,Looking at applying for the program and would like to hear about hrs/class for planning and overall quality of learning experience please! Also looking at Bridgeport University if you have advice on that program too please.,Is anyone in University of Western States M.S. and willing to share experience please?
844,q4rrws,nutrition,"Genuinely interested to see what you think.

I had both today...but I felt better after drinking the Guinness than the tater tots.

I know dark beer has bioflavonoids, some nutrition.  Of course alcohol isn't good outside of moderation

 Tater tots have oxidized vegetables oils and a lot of sodium, and it says 4% iron. But I feel like it had otherwise no nutritional value.",Which is healthier: Deep fried tater tots or a Guinness (dark beer)?
845,q4r3ju,nutrition,Looking at a label of Nerds candy the serving size is 15g (1 tbsp) but the sugar content for 1 serving is 21g. Is this an error or do I not understand nutrition facts label correctly?,Sugar content higher than actual weight of candy
846,q4p774,nutrition,Is there a kitchen scale that syncs with my fitness pal?,Is there a kitchen scale that syncs with my fitness pal?
847,q4oys5,nutrition,I currently drink barley water to cut back on hunger. I will be switching to supplements since barley is in short supply at the moment. I was reading about it not being good for your digestive system if you do it for too long. I just have no idea what “long term” means. Should I do this one month on and off? Has there been any research done on this? Can anyone point me to any specific studies that have addressed this or is there some scientific consensus that people have come to. I’m a male in my 30s.,Using fiber to cut hunger
848,q4kr6n,nutrition,"I am interested in learning more about nutrition and low blood sugar. What are some ways to prevent blood sugar drops, why do they happen from a biochemical perspective, and what is recommended for treating it when a drop in blood sugar is happening?",Nutrition and Low Blood Sugar
849,q4hg9f,nutrition,"Hey my usual preworkout meal for the past 2 months has consisted of baked potatoes, tuna and fried eggs, however I've been getting bored of this combination and would like to change it or at least a part of it while keeping the baked potatoes, any suggestions would be quite welcome, just keep in mind that taste is super important, thanks!","Replacing pre-workout meal, need advice"
850,q4h1r0,nutrition,"Chapati is an Indian bread made from whole wheat flour. The packaging it comes in has a table with the nutritional value. 

Should we take the weight of the flour or the cooker chapatis to track the macros ?",Counting Calories of Chapati
851,q4dgzo,nutrition,"Are there any noticeable differences between Vitamin B supplements and vitamin B from food? How similar are these?

Ex: Vitamin b12 from meat be Vitamin B supplements",Vitamin B differences
852,q4chsw,nutrition,"Frequently abdominal pain, bloating, diarrhea or constipation? Then you are not alone. About every 5th (66% of them women) suffers from the so-called irritable bowel syndrome. Causes, symptoms, medications and how to treat IBS that we will know.

https://probioticsline.com/irritable-bowel-syndrome-causes-symptoms-medications-and-how-to-treat-ibs/","Irritable Bowel Syndrome: Causes, Symptoms, Medications, and How to treat IBS"
853,q4baia,nutrition,"My head is bogged down with conflicting pieces of information to the point where it's a bit hard to put all of this to words.

I've learned that a main benefit to soaking/sprouting grains is the decrease in anti-nutrients (phytates), which cling to the nutrients and minerals (such as iron/zinc/magnesium) present with it preventing the body from properly absorbing them. 

However, someone mentioned to me that it isn't a cause of concern, as over time the gut bacteria will adapt to the amount of phytates consumed and the former problem eventually goes away. He also mentioned that since phytate rich foods contain fiber which promote good gut bacteria growth, they increase nutrition absorption, and that consuming iron rich foods with Vtamin C (his way of saying having a varied diet) is what promotes nutrition absorption overall. He finishes by mentioning that phytate rich diets promote nutrition absorption, but he makes no citations to any of these claims.

I've also found that 80% of flour's nutrients oxidize within 3 days. (again, no source) If that's the case, then what would happen to the nutrition content if the flour was freshly milled, immediately kneaded into dough and left to proof/freeze?

It's frustrating, which is right?",Questions about Soaking/Sprouting Grains and Flour Nutrition
854,q468hg,nutrition,"If someone were to practice intermittent fasting, and wanted to fit 100 grams of protein into three hours, would all of it be absorbed?",How much protein can the body absorb over several hours?
855,q45d1g,nutrition,"Hello everyone, I wanted to ask if anyone of you has tried Lyma life supplements, if you have tried them do you recommend them?",Has anyone tried Lyma Life supplements?
856,q44v77,nutrition,"Different fruits and veggies serve for different vitamins, so my question is, If you were trying to get all of your vitamin requirements in a single day, what would that look like?",What are the key fruit/veggies to meet your daily requirements?
857,q44m0y,nutrition,"Evening! I’m not a fan of mixing protein powder with water, I prefer the taste when in a smoothie. However, I’m beginning to question wether blending it into a smoothie is in fact destroying its nutritional value? Or does it not matter?

Thank you",Blending Whey Impact Protein
858,q42uya,nutrition,"I'm referring to this quote, "" Bee venom extract from A. dorsata possessed the highest antioxidant activity with the inhibition of 41.1 ± 2.2% against DPPH, Trolox equivalent antioxidant capacity of 10.21 ± 0.74 mM Trolox/mg and equivalent concentration (EC1) of 0.35 ± 0.02 mM FeSO4/mg. "" from this research, [https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29499244/](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29499244/)  


I failed to find any formula converting Troloxc/mg to ORAC. So asking experts, how much ORAC value for that Apis Dorsata bee venom approximately.",Converting Trolox/mg to ORAC Value
859,q3zn2i,nutrition,"Are there any apps or websites that would suggest as simple as possible meal plan to meet all the nutrition requirements? I'm not interested in calories just vitamins/fiber/minerals.  


I heard that potatoes have almost everything we need - what else is missing? If I add blueberries and almond milk - am I meeting all the needs already?

I would like to plan my meals around that.",Minimum meal plan to meet all the nutrition needs?
860,q3xlxs,nutrition,"I'm just starting to learn about basic nutrition and am interested in natural ingredients, the so-called super foods, etc. Looking for recommendations of a book that's informative and up-to-date but not diet-focused.",Best nutrition book?
861,q3slos,nutrition," Was wondering if Nature Valley protein oats and honey is a good post workout meal or should I just go for Kodiak protein oats, been trying to get my hands on these buy my target is taking forever restock on them while having an abundance of the Nature valley oats, btw is there any good/fast way to eat plain oats with milk cold just like cereal?   
[https://www.target.com/p/nature-valley-protein-oats-n-honey-crunchy-granola-11oz/-/A-14773733](https://www.target.com/p/nature-valley-protein-oats-n-honey-crunchy-granola-11oz/-/A-14773733)  
\^ link if interested in the nutritional value or haven't heard of em

Also sounds troll but when I can I like doing cardio and weights same day, been doing my main cardio first but I've heard that it should be weights then cardio, would like clarification on that, ty.",Nature valley protein oats... and other stuff
862,q3se6o,nutrition,"Divinecare Physiotherapy clinic serves patients in the Langley area with their world class services in Physiotherapy treatments &amp; care. With very experienced physiotherapists handling the latest machines &amp; medical equipments for patient care with experienced treatment procedures, Divinecare physiotherapy are one of the best physiotherapist centers in Canada.",Best physiotherapist in Langley - Divinecare physiotherapy
863,q3p352,nutrition,Curious to know the science of over consuming health foods as I’ve been snacking way too often on salted mixed nuts. They’re very calorically dense but in unsaturated fats and fiber with a small amount of protein. Would eating too many servings a day negate its health benefits?,Is it bad to eat too much healthy foods?
864,q3ngxf,nutrition,Have been reading about fat adaptation and how carbohydrate sensitivity and intolerance can stem from long term underconsumption of carbohydrates thus increasing insulin resistance. I'm pretty new to all the jargon so looking for some info/thoughts on this. Also any information around hormonal stress and reproductive health as a result of low carb diets is very welcome.,Looking for knowledge on carbohydrate intolerance/insulin resistance after a long term low carb diet.
865,q3ncp9,nutrition,"Idk I tend to avoid it and just go sweetener and sugar free in everything
Because I don’t trust it.
Thoughts? Please discuss!
I feel like it’s slapped into every “health” food. It just seems to good to be true.",Is stevia actually healthy?
866,q3ltva,nutrition,"Hello people of Reddit, after looking through some reports, I’ve seen that there is a correlation between ornithine and an increase in HGH, same with arginine. 

Is this something which is widely agreed upon or is this still up for debate?

And does an increase in HGH also lead to increased height for people who are still going through puberty?

Thanks!",Ornithine and Arginine linked to increased height growth?
867,q3ld4z,nutrition,"I've found many resources stating this to be common, and that working your way up to larger doses is gentler, but nothing that explains why. What digestive mechanism is at play?",Why does supplementing too high of a dose of fibre to start with upset the digestive system?
868,q3kcw0,nutrition,"My girlfriend has high levels of testosterone so she gets acne, hair loss, etc. She wants to take cortisol control pills. I suggested ashwagandha pills since I take them, but I hear it boosts testosterone in men and women. What can she use? She’s into fitness and struggles with losing stomach fat, it may be stress and inflammation, and high cortisol levels. What can she use instead of ashwagandha to help cortisol levels? Any cortisol control pills that don’t boost testosterone?",Cortisol control pill alternatives?
869,q3jl0b,nutrition,"**when you see the picture of a plate thats half, veg quarter, protein quarter carbs... does that mean one serving of each?**

ok so say a portion of cooked rice is 1/4 cup a portion of protein is a 1/4 cup and a portion of veg is a 1 cup. 

is this a whole meal? 

bc ive seen portion control recipes that have multiple servings of veg but wouldnt that make the meal not portion controlled overall? bc youre having multiple servings of veg? 

thanks",mega confused pls help [-portions and meal size]
870,q3ia3g,nutrition,What are the benefits of regularly consuming blue green algae like nostoc or spirulina? Does it outweigh the possibility of cyanotoxins? Thanks in advance!,Algae pros and cons
871,q3bntj,nutrition,And how do you deal with cravings especially for desserts,"People who aren't overweight or have acne, what motivates you to stay away from Simple carbs/Sugars?"
872,q3b2ml,nutrition,"If you are ever in the store and see those big boxes of granola and instantly feel hungry, STOP!! Observe the packaging. There is a GIANT COLORFUL BERRY and a huge splash of milk being poured into the bowl on the front of the box!! The granola companies put those images there for a reason, because they know the bright colorful berry excites and appetizes you! You are being deceived!!",Stop Buying Granola
873,q38jda,nutrition,"Would love to know everyone's thoughts on the following: 

\- Is it really as super as they say it is? Or just a fad? I read somewhere it was the most nutritionally dense food on the planet. Is that just marketing?  

\- Where do people source it? Would rather avoid Amazon if possible. 

\- Fresh or dry? I've heard powder tastes awful and loses some nutrition in the manufacturing process. There's not much product information around fresh, has anyone found any good sources? An ad popped up while I was searching for this startup who've made a grow it at home machine, but guess it'll take a while for them to release it on the market - [https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/bloom-home-grown-superfood-the-smart-way#/](https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/bloom-home-grown-superfood-the-smart-way#/))

\- Have any athletes here noticed any changes by consuming it on a daily basis?  I do a lot of gymnastics/calisthenics and looking for anything to give me a boost.",What's the consensus with spirulina?
874,q37jj5,nutrition,"I keep seeing stuff about how food today is (allegedly) 30% less nutritious than it was 100 years ago, and such...but, what does that mean? (assuming if it's accurate, it means micronutrients)  


Does that mean like...processed foods/meals?  For example, a McDonalds chicken nugget?  


Or does it mean whole foods? For example, the whole chicken you buy at the grocery.

Or is it mass-farmed foods: For example, NOT necessarily the chicken your grandma caught in the chicken coop and plucked for dinner.  
IF it's whole foods? What causes it? Is it soil depletion, lack of variety/over-domestication, or farming methods?  


Like, if you grew corn in your backyard, or have an apple tree, or bought a cow that you got a local small time farmer to raise free-ish range, is that 30% less nutritious in the way that the McDonald's burger might be, or a mass-farmed apple might be?  


Just been curious about this lately, if anyone knows more about it.",30% less nutritious
875,q3726w,nutrition,Does someone who has knowledge about this know whether or not it's safe to eat 75 grams (\~3 ounces) of snow peas daily or whether I should avoid eating them raw (daily)? I've read it isn't advised to eat them raw due to their lectin content.,Is it safe to eat 75 grams (3 ounces) of snow peas per day? (lectin content)
876,q36ikv,nutrition,I often see alot of bodybuilders eating jam on rice cakes and was just wondering why it is so popular. Is it because its fast carbs post workout? Any info would be much appreciated.,Jam benefits in bodybuilding
877,q35pkj,nutrition,"Hey there,

Apologies if this is the wrong sub, I'm new here.  I'd love some help settling an argument about alcohol as an energy source or macronutrient!

My contention is that alcohol provides energy, and therefore counts as a macronutrient and against daily calorie count.

The other side says that it cannot be stored and therefore doesn't count.

I further say that though it cannot be stored, it prevents burning of either circulating or stored calorie sources and therefore should be counted.

What say thou, /r/nutrition?

Thanks so much.

:)",Alcohol as a macronutrient
878,q34qq1,nutrition,"What do y’all do to remedy acidity? Other than spicy, what causes this?",Suggestions on how to remedy acid reflux
879,q345yy,nutrition,"Some questions:

* Is gluten inherently inflammatory?
* How does it affect digestion? 
* Can it cause intolerance issues?
* Is it healthy?

Anything else that is good to know about gluten and gluten-rich foods?",What's the consensus on consuming gluten-rich foods?
880,q332ql,nutrition,Will eating nutrient rich foods make a unhealthier person body healthier? Does eating bad have more of an overall effect on the body than eating good does for you? I heard somewhere that the effect of eating good is not as high as people think because these are the foods the body is normally supposed to be eating.,"What has more of an overall effect; Eating Bad, or Eating Good?"
881,q323h2,nutrition,"There is this beverage which has shown up in a local store recently called Fit Soda, it claims to have a long list of benefits but I'm sceptical if you're buying hype or heath when getting these products?  [You can find it here.](https://shop.koiosbeveragecorp.com/products/koios-root-beer-vanilla-float-natural-fit-soda-12-fl-oz)

Now I'm not assuming this any insane heath benefits, but I'm curious if this would actually be worth drinking either alongside or instead of a product such as Propel.  Anyone who drinks Propel will know the flavour can get tiring.

I don't want to pay a premium for fancy marketing of flavoured seltzer though hence why I'm asking if these have any noteworthy health benefits both on their own and compared to Propel.

Nutrition information as shown on the can:
https://i.imgur.com/dyIkzot.jpg",Fit Soda: Health or hype?
882,q2w1a0,nutrition,Provided that calories per day stay within a healthy range of course. Curious if its unadvisable to consume 2000 calories in 10 minutes for example.,"Eating too many calories per day is bad, but are there negative health effects from consuming too many calories per minutes?"
884,q2uj28,nutrition,"i frequently see bananas used in baked oats recipes, and i was wondering if there were any other fruits or things i could replace that with in the recipe? i don’t like bananas, but i never see a baked oats recipe without bananas in it. if there isn’t a known replacement, is the taste of the banana very apparent in baked oats recipes? if the other ingredients overpower the taste then it’s not an issue for me, but i was just wondering if anyone had suggestions! thanks!",Baked Oats Ingredient Replacement Option
885,q2q7nf,nutrition,"Pardon my naïve approach to this topic, but I'm curious why there doesn't seem to be a recommended  or optimized diet plan for humans who do not have any food related allergies and intolerances. I don't necessarily mean a Futurama-esque ""Bachelor Chow"", but more of a shopping list and simple meal prep.

When I was getting into meal-prep and nutrition I was hoping for an easy to follow plan that contains all of the required macro and micro nutrients, as well as a configuration that's relatively easy to prepare and store. Have I missed a critical resource, or does this actually not exist? Are we all really that different from each other?

For an added bit of clarity, I realize that people have very different goals related to trying to lose/gain weight and fitness, but for those of us who just want a complete fuel source that doesn't leave us nutrient deficient....has anyone cracked the code?

Edit:

I'm seeing a lot of general advice in the comments that are the standard ""non-answers"" I hear about nutrition. Things like ""eat a variety"" and ""avoid whole foods"". To be very specific here, I'm wondering if anyone has compiled a diet plan of whole foods that can be consumed daily to meet all micro and macro nutrients for an average person without any special conditions related to nutrition. ",Why is nutrition so complicated?
886,q2o9oz,nutrition,"Can you guys recommend high calories/carbs, low sugar &amp; saturated fat products/snacks? Besides rice, pasta, nuts, bananas &amp; oats... I am doing a lot of high intensity training lately and to be honest I can't look at rice and pasta anymore. Any ideas?",Healthy high calories products
887,q2nffq,nutrition,"Let's cut to the chase. We really need more moderators, especially those outside the Americas so the sub has help 'round the clock. We are looking to add several experienced Reddit users who have a passion for nutrition and a desire to help curate [/r/nutrition](https://www.reddit.com/r/nutrition) as a collegial space for informative nutrition discussions.

Here is what we are looking for from applicants. Please send applications to [modmail](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/nutrition).

1. Modding experience on Reddit is great, but not required. Ditto for having a little coding experience. Let us know whether you mod any other subs and if you have any relevant experience like moderating other forums/pages, using back-end web tools, etc.
2. Mods need to be frequent Reddit users. The ideal mod is someone who pops into Reddit multiple times per day, can devote some time to addressing moderator issues when logging on, and foresees continuing to do so in the future.
3. You should be a team player who is on board with following processes and procedures including using communications channels so that we stay on the same page and present a united and consistent front that prioritizes [r/nutrition](https://www.reddit.com/r/nutrition) and its core users.
4. You should be someone who is comfortable enforcing rules and able to handle receiving harsh/critical feedback from strangers on the internet without breaking down, losing your temper, or giving in.

If you are interested in applying, please [message the moderators](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/nutrition) with *a note which addresses all the points above (please use numbering)*. Do not leave your application as a comment here.

Looking for the normally-sticked rules post? [Go here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/nutrition/comments/pz2m8m/rnutrition_rules_and_call_for_moderators/)",Non-American Moderators Needed for /r/nutrition
890,q2kbvr,nutrition,"It seems like an impossible feat to hit 100% every day, especially for certain vitamins and minerals. How do you ensure you're reaching the target amounts? Do you make a certain nutrient dense recipe like a smoothie that you eat daily? Do you supplement anything?",How do you personally hit the RDA of the major vitamins and minerals?
893,q2fpm1,nutrition,"I've been interested in trying to make my own Seitan (almost pure gluten) and could see my self eating it often if I like it.

I read that the active lectins in gluten are hard to digest and can cause issues but cooking it should inactive the lectins.

Is it bad consuming too much gluten (if cooked) and can it cause gluten intolerance or other problems?",Thoughts on eating a lot of gluten?
896,q2bjmh,nutrition,"I came across this Harvard news article called ""[Hormones in milk can be dangerous](https://news.harvard.edu/gazette/story/2006/12/hormones-in-milk-can-be-dangerous/)"" published in 2006 that said the following:

&gt;The potential for risk is large. Natural estrogens are up to 100,000 times more potent than their environmental counterparts, such as the estrogen-like compounds in pesticides.

&gt;“Among the routes of human exposure to estrogens, **we are mostly concerned about cow’s milk, which contains considerable amounts of female sex hormones**,” Ganmaa told her audience. **Dairy, she added, accounts for 60 percent to 80 percent of estrogens consumed.**

Should men, then, reduce their dairy consumption? And should women be drinking more milk?",Are hormones in milk dangerous? Do they increase our estrogen levels?
899,q2ahux,nutrition,High protein &amp; veggies Paleo meal ideas please . Getting back into Paleo because by gut has been happy on paleo in the past.,High protein &amp; veggies Paleo meal ideas please
900,q2ah0a,nutrition,"I know you need 15-30 mL to reap the benefits of apple cider vinegar and they only have 15 mg. However, they have lots of vitamin B12 and folate, so they’re still good for you, right? Also, isn’t getting some apple cider vinegar better than none?",Opinions on Goli gummies?
901,q29d5h,nutrition,"Question above. I've heard that granola bars are decent in terms of snacking through the day, or maybe some semblance of trail mix/nuts that are good. Is there really anything else that is worth having in ya'lls opinion?",Are there some relatively healthy snacks you can purchase in store or most needs to be homemade?
902,q25ugx,nutrition,"White rice has been stripped of the fiber and bran, so it lacks basic nutrients and is just empty carbs; however, is it okay to eat regularly if you get your nutrients from other sources?",Is white rice healthy to eat if you get your nutrients from other sources?
903,q1yz11,nutrition,"I know tuna has higher levels of mercury compared to other fish. According to starkists website their canned tuna has 1.0 ppm mercury content, I haven’t seen any direct number for the pouches anywhere. Does anyone know how much is in the pouches? How much mercury content is bad for you, especially if I’m eating it every other day?",Are starkist tuna packets harmful if eaten too often?
904,q1xyhm,nutrition,"Does anyone know of a particular source regarding *why* certain plants are high in particular nutrients? 

For example, Brazil nuts and their famous selenium content. Where Brazil nuts are traditionally grown, the soils are low in sulphur but high in selenium, and required amino acids are synthesised using this instead. But if you grew the nuts elsewhere, would this change, or is it now just what the plant has evolved to do and would do it anywhere?

I'm an absolute noob with an interest.",Nutrient content of plant foods - more info?
905,q1xsnr,nutrition,"How does 24 hr+ fasting work, do you lose just fat or muscle. I’ve always wanted to try fasting but don’t want to lose muscle mass.",Fasting and muscle
906,q1tp2n,nutrition,"I've heard a few people say that canola oil is not good for health.

Can anyone explain to me what is the damage, of consuming canola oil, to health?",Why is Canola Oil harmful to consume?
909,q1nqpi,nutrition,"Watching a YouTuber's opinion on different fruits' and their qualities, I noticed these infographics popping up.

The infographics indicated the nutritional values of foods symbolising the percentage of daily nutrition ([see image](https://ibb.co/Lpjy3t7)).

How did this person create these, and where do you find the resources to make these infographics. Trying to understand my nutrition better, And these would be amazing!",Where do I find the resource to create these infographics
910,q1mszz,nutrition,I was at the store earlier trying to buy some flax seeds for my smoothies but I guess I [accidentally bought this](https://bio-kinetics.com/products/organic-sprouted-flax). It's sprouted flaxseed flour I guess?  Can I just put a tablespoon in my smoothie or something still because I noticed it's got some crazy amounts of vitamins which I'm assuming bisndie to sprouting. Not sure if it's safe to eat raw out if the bad either?,Is sprouted flax flour the same as milled?
911,q1ke2z,nutrition,"I know they only have 15mg of acv and you need at least 15-30 mL to reap the benefits of acv. However, they contain lots of vitamin b12, which I need help getting since I don’t eat meat, and folate. Also, isn’t some acv incorporated into the diet better than none? What’s your opinion on these?",Goli gummies: good for me or basically candy?
912,q1jp63,nutrition,"What would you all say are the certifications, titles, stamps, etc that are worth looking out for or paying the premium for. For example organic, humane, b corp, whole foods. My number 1 would be pasture raised eggs. Worth all day for the chickens. :)",Certifications and stamps worth being mindful of?
913,q1i1v6,nutrition,"Hello guys,

I’ve been eating the Quacker old fashioned oats for a while, but I wonder if it’s a good brand for oats and I should stay with it or move to another brand?

Thanks in advance.",A good brand for oats?
914,q1h4pk,nutrition,"I've seen some medical professionals, such as Dr. Jason Fung, claim that fat loss only occurs when glycogen stores in the muscle are mostly depleted and insulin levels are very low, such as after fasting.

But plenty of bodybuilders and fit people don't follow a low carb diet and don't do intermittent fasting (quite the opposite - they eat small meals every 3-4 hours). I would guess their muscle glycogen levels remain fairly high and their insulin levels remain moderate.

However, these folks are still able to lose fat, as long as they eat enough protein in their diet, keep training, and maintain a caloric deficit.

This seems to conflict with the advice that fasting and/or low carb is the only way to burn fat. So my question to redditors is what really controls when fat is burned vs. when muscle glycogen is burned for energy. I don't doubt that having low insulin levels helps shift the balance to more fat burned, but clearly many folks are successful with fat loss even on high carb diets. So what gives?",Fat loss without low carb diet or intermittent fasting
915,q1dtki,nutrition,From an athletes POV how unhealthy is the fat that comes with pig’s meat. For example i know that salmon is good to eat due to healthy fats in it. Yes i know it depends how much meat there is. Just wondering if its better to avoid pig’s meat or not.(Soccer/football player),How unhealthy is the fat from pig’s meat?
916,q1do5v,nutrition,"I wanted to know the benefits and not benefits of eating peanuts in the definition stage, greetings!","I wanted to know the benefits and not benefits of eating peanuts in the definition stage, greetings!"
917,q1c8ju,nutrition,"There was I time I used to watch these videos on YouTube every so often. I've recently been reminded of it so I've gone to see the YouTubers who I used to watch, sure enough they're still eating this way. I feel as though they think there's no possible health concerns so long as you're at a healthy weight and workout. What do you think of this trend?",What are some of the potential negative effects of large mukbang/food challenges?
918,q1bejg,nutrition,"I mean intermittent-fasting as a way to lead a healthy life/body, not just to lose weight. does it really heal and renew body cells?",what's the core idea (as a biological benefit) behind intermittent-fasting
919,q17m7b,nutrition,Hi I was wondering what the best foods and drinks are to increase libido? Any help is appreciated,What are you best foods to increase libido??
920,q16ubm,nutrition,What alternatives would be better? The flavored ones seem to have a lot of sugar so wanted to see what peoples general opinion on them was.,Are Flavored Quakers oats bad for you?
921,q158wr,nutrition,"I worked at a butcher/deli in New Jersey for a while. All of the oldest customers (70+) only ever bought bologna, American cheese, and liverwurst. It was a theme. 

I love a bologna and cheese sandwich with Mayo and mustard… but I don’t eat it every day cause I know it’s not good for me. 

Are these old people preserved in salt? What gives?",Bologna and American cheese
922,q144hn,nutrition,Apart from losing weight and exercising  (am already skinny with BMI of 19),Ways to reduce cholesterol naturally?
923,q142rt,nutrition,Curious to know if there any foods thought to be healthy by the majority but actually provide very little benefit or is harmful,What is something people think is healthy but actually isn't?
924,q13p0v,nutrition,Think a giant list of all food items excluding ready meals,Where can I find an exhaustive list of all basic food items?
925,q12um7,nutrition,"I got to [this portion of a video I was watching](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Ojj-4KcqHs&amp;t=510s) where it was claimed that people who got really obese are likely have a harder time due to genetic factors. Honestly, to me, although this sounds plausible, it sounds really bleak and pessimistic, although choosing to doubt this information because of how pessimistic it sounds would be biased thinking on my part, so I wasn't sure what to believe.

I wanted to understand this guy's argument better, so I stumbled upon [this somewhat relevant reddit post](https://old.reddit.com/r/loseit/comments/pf4xjw/how_genetics_make_you_fat/) which goes into how the ""FTO gene"" is found to lead to ""higher ghrelin levels,"" the thing Greg Doucette (guy in the video) said causes a person to feel hungry. 

To continue, I came across [some pretty depressing information](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/9519560/) about how twin studies ""prove"" that variance in BMI is somehow genetic (But how the hell can this be true if ""calories in calories out"" is also true? I mean, is this research just saying that some people are predisposed to getting hungrier more than others, or is it literally saying that some people are basically genetically ""destined"" to be at a certain BMI?). The research said the following: ""Results from twin studies suggest that genetic factors explain 50 to 90% of the variance in BMI."" What the hell does that even mean? What would a world look like where ""90%"" of variance in BMI is genetic? I just don't even understand what it means.","Is the reason contestants on ""The Biggest Loser"" regain their weight in large part due to them having ""bad genetics""?"
926,q11l0i,nutrition,Anybody have any good free calorie tracking apps to recommend ?,Calorie Tracker
927,q10xgv,nutrition,"I understand they offer vitamins and minerals, potassium being a significant one. Depending on the colour they may also contain high traces of compounds like beta-carotene etc.

But my question is, if all they offer are vitamins, and minerals, can we not get this from vegetables or a good supplement/multivitamin? 

Thanks",Are fruits really necessary?
928,q0y4qi,nutrition,"Been trying to wrap my head around this calcium to magnesium ratio.
I am mainly plant based with some yoghurt and everywhere I read a 2:1 calc to mg ratio is best for health.

I just seem to not be getting that at all, inputting my usual food I get about 800-1200mg calcium a day with 800mg of magnesium.

Am I shooting myself in the foot by eating this way? I hit every micronutrient but that ratio is just closer to a 1:1 and I am afraid it might be detrimental to my health in the long run.",Calcium to magnesium ratio
929,q0xxic,nutrition,"Ok this is just a quick rant, but does anyone else hate it when people say ""DoNt TaKe SuPpLeMeNtS jUsT gEt A bAlAnCeD dIeT""? IT IS NEAR IMPOSSIBLE TO GET AN ACTUAL BALANCED DIET. Go plan out any meal on a nutrient tracker. You will not plan a day of eating that has all your nutrients and is not 5000 calories. Just take a multivitamin, omega fats if you need, please.",My Supplement Rant
931,q0xk3j,nutrition,"Light cream has 1g of sugar/1g of carbs per tbsp, and 30 cal. Its ingredients:Light Cream With Disodium Phospha

Oat milk has 7g of sugar/11g of carbs per 8 oz, and 120 cal. Its ingredients:

Organic oat blend (water, organic whole grain oats), organic rapeseed oil (low erucic acid), contains 2% or less of: sea salt, nutrient extract blend (fruit and vegetable sources), Calcium carbonate, Gellan gum, Tricalcium phosphate, Dipotassium phosphate.",Which is more likely to negatively impact one’s hormones? Light Cream (18%) or Sweetened Oat Milk?
932,q0wu0a,nutrition,"From some basic reading on Google, I’ve found these nitrates can turn into carcinogens when combined with protein and heat. Is there anything to this or is it perfectly fine to eat things like turkey and ham regularly?",What’s the consensus on nitrates and nitrites in deli meat?
933,q0v48g,nutrition,"Not looking for taste here, but what would be equivalent to a steak in terms of nutrition using only plants, and nothing man made. 

I'm asking because I am curious as to what would be the most energy efficient way to eat. I.e. the rule of where you lose a majority of energy going up the food chain.",Non man made plant based meal equivalent to a steak
934,q0u9v4,nutrition,"With vegan sources like flax or chia seeds (ground), would it help the omega 3 utilization and absorption when combining it with a fatty meal, or will the body absorb the same amounts even if you don't eat it with a source of fat? I know that with fish oil, taking it after fatty meal is preferred to ensure proper absorption.   


I am aware that the conversion from ALA to EPA and DHA is not that favorable in comparison to fish oil.",Do vegan omega 3 sources need to be taken with fats for better absorption?
935,q0rb7y,nutrition,There’s a recommended average on how much protein to consume in a day but how much extra protein would I need if I were training MMA for 3 hours everyday? Like how would you even begin to work that out,How much extra pro to consume?
936,q0qt51,nutrition,"He linked this https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6139832/ and then claimed that protein will never cause fat gain.

Uhm what? This sounds completely wrong. Am I in the wrong here because he’s making me question my sanity…..",Friend claimed that “You will never gain fat if you eat protein” Can someone please refute this garbage?
937,q0o3mn,nutrition,"Any reason it would be as bad as something like McDonald's or is that a relatively healthy meal?

Thanks",Is chicken and rice at Chipotle healthy?
938,q0ngsd,nutrition,Just wondering is soups can be used as a meal and which soups are better suited to that and which are not? Thanks,Can soups be adequate for a full meal?
939,q0lxk2,nutrition,"For example, using the top results when I typed ""Brazil nuts carbohydrate"", I got 12.27g per 100g on [www.fatsecret.co.za](https://www.fatsecret.co.za), 4.5g per 100g on [www.foodnutritiontable.com](http://www.foodnutritiontable.com/), and my own pack of brazil nuts which claims 3.1g per 100g.

I found the same problem with the other macros for plenty of other items.  Why is that, and which source should I trust the most?",Why do macronutrients for the same item vary so much depending on where you look?
940,q0lm84,nutrition,"They’re raw unshelled sunflower seeds, about how much tablespoons a day for maximum health benefits?",How many tablespoons of unshelled sunflower seeds a day?
941,q0l001,nutrition,It is confusing since all it seems strawberries and raspberries are not. Thank you in advance!,"Are grapes in the same family as blueberries? Namely, what family of fruit is blueberry and what other fruits are considered to be apart of it?"
942,q0k5ol,nutrition,"I’m starting a weight loss journey and was wondering if it’s okay to eat both in the same day?
I walk at least 15k steps a day and weight lift 3x a week.",Eating potatoes and pasta
943,q0fsl1,nutrition,"I really find it hard to stop eating flour or white rice .. like i can keep non stop and it is plain rice with protein and fats .. or any flour based food .. like i get no satiety signals 

Is that normal because they are digested quickly? Does some people digest them quicker than some? Or there is another problem

I find it very hard to make a caloric deficit while eating these things how some people do iifym ?",Rice and flour no satiety siganls
944,q0ec99,nutrition,Is a very high appetite for carbs a sign of high or low insulin sensitivity?,Appetite for carbs and insulin sensitivity
945,q0ec05,nutrition,Can this be quantified?,Maximum daily intake of Tofu?
946,q0afyr,nutrition,"I’ve been going crazy for oatmeal these past few years. Ths fiber, low gi carbs, how easy they are, and the fun add ins make them my go to for breakfast. I just switched to steel cut oats a little while ago and my mind was blown. 

Steel cut is still chewy and soft, but also has a beautiful crunch. Also it’s wayyyyy harder to overcook steel cut than rolled oats, and they reheat so extremely well making meal prep easy. I would say they actually taste better after sitting in the fridge and microwaving with half and half than they do fresh. 

(Rolled oats on the other hand congeal into a gross brick after a couple of minutes, and are mushy imo)

I don’t understand why rolled oats are so much more commonly eaten in America (at least where I live). Is there something I’m missing? Are there amazing rolled oats dishes that raise demand, or am I cooking/reheating them wrong?",Steel Cut Oats are Sexy
947,q09l43,nutrition,"Hi! Anybody experience any withdrawal symptoms after you stop taking COLLAGEN POWDER? 

I took 12,000mg/day for a month. A ran out of the supplement &amp; didn""t buy again but after experienced several days that I couldn't sleep. Thankfully i'm great now. I can't help but wonder if the collagen powder or the glycine in it was the culprit. 

Please help if you have any info. 😊 Thinking of getting new collagen supplememts. Thank you!",COLLAGEN POWDER &amp; GLYCINE WITHDRAWAL
948,q06ib8,nutrition,Does anyone know the nutritional info for tropical grille? I usually get the south of the border bowl but all the info I found online seems wildly inaccurate,Tropical grille
949,q04kox,nutrition,I was accepted to graduate school to complete my masters in clinical nutrition. The thing is I don’t really want to go. Is there something wrong with this picture. School starts on Monday and ends in December. The company I work with has agreed to pay about 80% of the tuition. I just don’t feel like going to school all over again. What do you all say about it?? I already have graduate school credits for Master in Public Health program and not sure how much school I will have left coming back into college.,Not looking forward to starting back grad school
950,q02ewk,nutrition,"What are the ""bad"" things about regular sugar that sugar substitues don't have? Do sugar substitutes count toward your daily sugar intake (26-36 g)?",What's the benefit of sugar substitutes?
951,pzw1y9,nutrition,"I was recently diagnosed with several food intolerances, one of which is corn and corn syrup. It turns out that many (many!) foods on sale have some ingredients derived from corn. It gets a little difficult to sort through the information. 

Can anyone in a similar situation help? Thanks.",Looking for comprehensive info on corn derived glucose and others?
952,pzuw7p,nutrition,"First some context: I'm 23, male, obese, following a low-carb diet (as advised by my RD) and I work out in the gym every other day (\~ 30 min weight lifting + 60 min moderate intensity cardio per session).

My hunger is very stable throughout the day and I find it inconvenient to eat 3 times or more. So, what I do on most days, is have 1 light meal around lunch time, which will typically have around 20g of protein, and then have a bigger meal for dinner. 

Is this approach (getting most of your protein in 1 big meal) completely fine in the given context, or should I space out my meals more? My goal is fat loss and maintain/build lean mass. I'm asking because I've seen quite a few articles online talking about the body not being able to use more than 20-30g of protein from a meal.",Getting most of your daily protein in a single meal
953,pznj6k,nutrition,"Hey, so I’m in a calorie deficit 1600-1400 calories a day most days are closer to 1400

I and gluten free and dairy free for intolerance reasons. 

High Protein high veggie meal ideas that keep in the fridge for at least 3-4 days . Fresh salad goes bad too quick",High protein High veggies meal ideas
954,pzn1x1,nutrition,Cup of grass fed milk after a heavy workout renews my soul,What recovery meal gives you new life?
955,pzknkm,nutrition,"If white refined/table sugar is the faster available form of energy as glucose, why would it not be better than glucose from whole fruit or simple carbs (which seem to be the stuff usually most recommended) in terms of energy output?

Just to steer clear of misunderstanding, I'm not suggesting/defending chugging 50g of Domino sugar down your throat before your lifting session, but only because my ""intuition"" seems to tell me so. Even so, theoretically (from the little theories I know), I don't see why that would be necessarily a bad idea, say, if you plan to go powerlifting or some intense fast energy-burning activity as soon as that sugar begins spiking, in which the timing of that spiking would be certainly dictate everything (the follow-up question I wanted to ask).

One frequent answer I get online -- ""because sugar has no nutritional value"" isn't the answer I'm looking for. I'm speaking based on the idea that calorie is calories, energy is energy, and I understand nutrition is essential in building the muscles, but why would that be relevant to the energy output?

Speculations welcome also. Please just make it clear that you're speculating when you do so.",Why would table sugar be not as good as slower-absorbing sugar before workout?
956,pziluz,nutrition,"I tried making home made protein powder by taking a ton of nuts: coconuts, almonds, cashews, pumpkin seeds, wallnuts, sesame, ...and a few other dry fruits...

I simply mix it with milk and it tastes good.

I'm also bulking and lifting weights to build muscle mass.",Is it bad to consume too many nuts at once?
957,pzgy7u,nutrition,"Hi, I bought (and ate) a whole rotisserie chicken with a total weight of 500 grams, of which 120 grams were bones. 

The label says 180 kcal for 100 grams, should I count: 

180 x 5 = 900 kcals

Or 

180 x 3.8 = 680 kcals 

Thanks",Does whole chicken nutrition labels usually include bones or not?
958,pzfsph,nutrition,Is it more nutrient dense than beef?,How nutritious is human meat?
959,pzed04,nutrition,"If yes , what are some foods that make us happy and what are some that one should take out?",Does nutrition affect the mind?
960,pzdzjv,nutrition,I am trying to build muscle and was looking for good vegetarian protein source I can have alone with protein shake.,What are good vegetarian source of protein ?
961,pzcaus,nutrition,Is there a way for me to calculate nutrition facts on my own? Like for an art project? What kind of science is that? Like literally anything will help. I just don’t know where to start looking. And how accurate are the facts?,How do you calculate nutrition facts?
962,pz9b79,nutrition,"I'm curious what exact food people eat on a daily basis to hit their zinc requirement. The plant sources have such low amounts that it seems difficult to make sure you eat the exact mix of foods every day to hit the requirement, and I know most people aren't eating 6oz of beef every single day. 

I hate oysters but I'm honestly considering just cooking some up, plugging my nose, and eating one every day. Does anyone eat oysters like this - not part of a meal, but almost like a supplement?",How do you get your daily zinc requirement?
963,pz7cz3,nutrition,Does anyone have any healthy granola brands or recipes that aren’t loaded with sugar and BS that just makes it taste sweet or “better”? Looking to mix in with Greek yogurt for a crunch.,Granola Recommendations
964,pz72k2,nutrition,"I’m looking for good knowledge filled books on nutrition, early ancestors and what they ate, how to live better, etc. Thanks!",Book Recommendations⬇️
965,pz5mtf,nutrition,"Specifically, curry, masala, basically the saucy stuff.",Is Indian food healthy?
966,pz2rgs,nutrition,The question is more targeted of its interaction with glycine,does alpha lipoic acid interact with magnesium glycinate? is it advisable to be taken separately?
967,pz1614,nutrition,"I've been bringing raw cow milk from a local dairy and boiling it before consumption. I also bring less quantity so I use it up in a day or store in the refrigerator for no more than 2 days. Is this practice safe in terms of eliminating microbes? Even the pasteurised milk in our country may not be safe by the time it reaches us so I boil it before consumption. But the richness and creaminess of the local raw boiled milk far exceeds the packed pasteurised ones. 

How safe is plain boiled vs pasteurised milk?

P.S. I do not use raw milk without boiling it and do not intend to as I know it is unsafe.",Boiled milk vs pasteurised milk
968,pyz9dq,nutrition,"I’m reading the triathlon bible by Joe Friel but it doesn’t go into specifics. Triathlon Nutrition Foundations seems pretty good. Any ideas?

Also looked into metabolic profiling. Not sure if it’s worth it.",I’ve always relied on coaches for nutrition but now I’m looking to learn triathlon nutrition but there’s a plethora of books it’s overwhelming. What’s a good starting point?
969,pyxgz0,nutrition,"Hi all! I’m a UX Designer who’s looking to improve people’s experiences with nutrition/diet-tracking apps. 

I’m willing to speak with anyone who can share their experiences with using these apps, what they like, what they don’t like and would change, and what they’d like to have/see next that can help them with their goals. 

I’ll be happy to pay participants for their time. If you’d be willing to shed some insights with me and get on a quick 30-min call, please let me know. :-)",How can we improve NUTRITION/DIET-TRACKING apps?
970,pyxez4,nutrition,"My most recent bloodwork shows that my 25-Hydroxyvitamin D3 levels are 21 ng/mL. I took an intramuscular injection of 10,000 IU today.

Any estimates of how much this will bring up my levels?","Vitamin D3 injection (10,000 IU dosage)?"
971,pywmtu,nutrition,"Blood iron came back high today, normal range is 40 to 190 and my results were 265 with a saturation percent of 78, normal range is 16 to 45%. 

The medical professional just told me to come back in a month and check to see where everything is but my liver enzymes are higher as well. Results were 30 for ALT and Normal range is 6 to 29. At the end of July they were 18. 

Is that iron level right now I am should I be getting some kind of treatment? I don’t feel like I’m getting adequate care or explanation as I don’t take a iron supplement.

About a month ago I was taking a women’s multivitamin that had iron in it but I can’t imagine that would increase my iron levels. 

Any thoughts on if this iron level is something I should push or if you have experience with elevated iron as well?","Iron levels elevated, no supplements, vegetarian diet"
972,pyti6x,nutrition,"Basically, what are some simple, healthy, foods that you’re okay with eating large quantities of, because for some medications you have to do this multiple times per day. 

Obviously it’s best to just switch it up and go for a wide variety, but I assume most people have some standard ones that they tend to fall back on. For me it’s usually some peanuts or trail mix, which I make myself so it’s not quite as sugary as your typical store-bought kind",What are your favorite snacks/foods to eat when required to eat with a medication?
973,pyr3fb,nutrition,A storm is brewing.,A storm is brewing.
974,pyqc31,nutrition,"I constantly hear “drink more water drink more water”. I only drink when I’m thirsty but am constantly told that I need to drink more.

If this is true, what’s the scientific reason why I can’t just drink when I am thirsty, and what are some tips to remind yourself to constantly drink?",Is water overrated?
975,pyp4i4,nutrition,"For someone who is vegetarian (can eat dairy products and eggs, but not meat), what are the some food which are rich in Vitamin D and B12, but low in cholesterol?","Food rich in Vitamin D and B12, but low in cholesterol?"
976,pyoiwj,nutrition,"For example, if someone were to eat a lot of fat / fatty meat in one meal. I would imagine this might cause some stomach pain. Are there foods or supplements that could neutralize this effect?","Are there foods or supplements that can ""soak up"" fat and oils in your stomach?"
977,pynvea,nutrition,"i don't know what to do i am suffering from binge eating disorder. i am diagnosed with pcos but still all i can think about is food. i am gaining alot of weight due to that whenever i feel stressful or lonely i end up eating more and more eating makes me feel happy specially junk food but it's causing me health issues after that i feel guilty about that. i always try to promise myself that i will start eating healthy from tomorrow but I can't. whenever i try to do workout i feel sick, nauseous and tired. 😩😢",Help Tw Eating disorder
978,pyn30u,nutrition,"Curious...I know with the domestication of cows we got calcium easily from milk.

But what about pre civilization?",How did hunter-gatherers get calcium?
979,pyl4oa,nutrition,"A lot of recipes for soaked oats say to use water, are there any for using milk?

(Sincerely, someone who just unwittingly mixed his vinegar-soaked oats with some unhomogenized milk, causing it to curdle)",Cooking soaked oats in milk?
980,pyjzh8,nutrition,"I see frozen açaí packs have sunflower lecithin as an ingredient and I don’t eat oil, so I’m wondering what it actually is? Thanks!",Is sunflower lecithin technically an oil?
981,pyhm51,nutrition,What are your guys thoughts on instant oats?,Thoughts on Instant Oats
982,pygl8o,nutrition,"So, recently I bought Magnesium Glycinate which is 1204 mg per tablet with 170 mg elemental magnesium. I will be taking this twice daily which absolutely comes under the recommended dosage. But I also taken a multivitamin 2-3 times daily which has Magnesium Oxide with elemental magnesium 105 mg/tablet. So I might end up having 340 mg + 210 or 315 mg magnesium, i.e, 550 mg or 655mg magnesium. Now, I could take one tablet of magnesium glycinate instead of two, but I am sure everyone is aware that magnesium oxide does nothing, it's useless.

do you think it will be risky to continue this?",Magnesium dosage
983,pyfc52,nutrition,Hi! I am a research student leaning onto studies involving amino acid sequences and I am curious on how we can determine if an animal or plant is edible through their amino acid sequences?,Question about nutrition with a bit of biochem
984,pyewfi,nutrition,"Also, what role does calcium play? Does vitamin K reduce calcium levels in blood? Does vitamin D increase calcium? Very confused about this.",Why is it said to take vitamin D with vitamin K?
985,pyagxt,nutrition,"I came across ""vitamins in your life: and the micronutrients (trace elements)"" by Erwin Di Cyan at the thrift store the other day.   I see the book is a reprint from 1974...... 

So my question is, did I waste my time and $1 buying the book or will the Information still be accurate for 2021?",Is this book a valid resource still?
986,pya2az,nutrition,"[https://youtu.be/pLHON7\_fh\_8](https://youtu.be/pLHON7_fh_8)

&amp;#x200B;

It has always been a challenge for me to find a healthy chocolate bar, I can snack on without feeling bad about it.  I would love to try other brands as-well",Has Anyone Heard of Mid-Day Squares?
987,py6zne,nutrition,"In my rudimentary searches for this answer, I can't seem to find how naturally-occurring calcium in foods such as broccoli differs from calcium supplements such as calcium-carbonate or calcium-citrate. I'm mostly interested if it's proportionally better-absorbed by the body by way of food, and whether the advantages of acid-neutralization occurs in the natural form as it does with calcium-carbonate (e.g., tums).

Thank you.","Calcium that occurs naturally in foods such as broccoli—is this bound with anything in particular like supplements (e.g., carbonate, citrate)?"
988,py67ft,nutrition,Raw vs Roasted Brazil Nuts? for nutrition value and selenium,Raw vs Roasted Brazil Nuts? for nutrition value and selenium
989,py4bx8,nutrition,"I started a plant based diet and feel amazing, like an engine that is finally running clean.  But Im worried I'm not getting enough micronutrients and that fear has been annoyingly taking up mental resources.   How can I prove I am getting enough nutrients into my body to myself?

Thank you all!",How does one make sure they are getting enough nutrients?
990,py2rhu,nutrition,I don't know where to ask this so I thought maybe this sub might have some answers for me.  I know there is a lot of debate between organic and non organic in relation to fresh produce.  Does that apply to frozen as well?  I was hoping that since they use machines to wash and chop it would do a pretty good job of removing pesticides?  Organic frozen produce is still pretty hard to find (at least harder to find than fresh) and pretty expensive so I was wondering if it's ok to use regular?  I like the convenience of it and I usually get things like broccoli/cauliflowers/frozen cherries etc and it's usually much more affordable.  Thanks!,Frozen Veggies/Fruits need to be Organic?
991,py2lxq,nutrition,"According to the ingredients, we have Mushrooms, Water, Soy Sauce, Canola Oil, Gluten, Sugar, Spices

Nutrition facts claims 1g of fat, 11g carbs, 5g sugar (5g added sugar), 10g protein.

If there is more canola oil than sugar (as indicated by it being higher in the list of ingredients, then how can there be only 1g of fat and 5g added sugar?

Am I missing something here or is this label wrong? The ingredients must be listed in the wrong order, no?",Where does the added sugar come from in this Vegan Jerky?
992,pxyj9l,nutrition,Every blender I've bought bad always broken at around 6 months.. And me being me I don't get the warranty (they were fairly cheap anyway) does anyone recommend a good blender for daily use that'll be sure to last long? preferably around £100-150?,What's a good blender to buy (UK)
993,pxy9ys,nutrition,What's seems to be the general opinion on grits? Just ground yellow corn. Would it be something to work into a diet more regularly?,Thoughts on Grits?
994,pxy1bb,nutrition,"Hey, so I've had terrible luck over the years with buying blenders that DO NOT last long and me being me I don't buy a warranty...

What are some good blenders to buy? preferably around £100-150 if possible

do you recommend any good ones?",Need a little help finding a good blender (UK)
995,pxx2mv,nutrition,"Hey everyone, I hope you don't mind me posting in here.

I'm trying to help people who are dieting eat out painlessly (restaurants, take out etc.). Whether it be for health reasons or specific dietary requirements.

I'm in the very early stages of exploring an idea so I don't have anything to sell but I'd love an opportunity to talk to you about your experiences of finding a place to eat whilst dieting and the options you have once you are there.

If anyone would be up for a quick chat, please let me know.",Eating out whilst dieting
996,pxrzl7,nutrition,"I’m 35 and pretty fit, 6’1 / 90kg and gym regularly but just did a blood test and found really high cholesterol and high ALT / mild fatty liver. Keen to try get things in order without taking statins if possible. Any advice on what to look for when trying to find a nutritionist? Or is it a dietitian I should be searching for? Or is that the same thing. Thanks!",Advice on finding a good nutritionist?
997,pxrhol,nutrition,"In a survival type situation, what canned goods would provide the most well rounded nutrition?",Most nutritious canned goods?
999,pxpqj2,nutrition,"Hi Redditors,

I had a nutrition question that I was wondering if anyone had any insight on. Let's say that you are at an ideal body weight for your age, height, and build. Would it be theoretically possible through eating some combination of proteins, fats, and carbs to maintain that body weight if the diet was overall lower in calories? For example, a 1200 calorie diet. I'm not sure if this makes any sense from a scientific standpoint, but I was just curious.",Maintain body weight on a reduced calorie diet
1000,pxo3lk,nutrition,"More healthy foods?
Less unhealthy foods?
Both?
You care more about other factors?
I'm interested in your perception and your approach.",What approach do you follow to achieve a healthier diet?
1001,pxn6mx,nutrition,"I've been trying to lose a few pounds since gaining during lockdown and so I've been counting calories. Fibre is counted towards daily carbs, but doesn't it have a totally different effect than carbs? Isn't it's primary use to feed gut bacteria? And if that in turn helps one absorb calories elsewhere, why would it be calculated at 4 cals per gram like carbs? 

I'm not worried about miscalculations so much as I'm really just curious. Any insight would be appreciated!",Why does fibre count as a carb and as a calorie? Does it actually give you energy?
1002,pxkdi3,nutrition,Sorry for the bucket of worms this may open. I’ve heard all sorts of you must eat every 3 hours to keep your body simmering like a slowly burning fire... wondering what anyone’s thoughts and/or practices are????,Do you have to / should you eat every 3 hours (or some regular schedule?
1003,pxk859,nutrition,"If a man experiences malnutrition for the first time in his late teenage years, what effect will this have on his intelligence?

I know infant malnutrition significantly lowers IQ. I would like to know the effect of malnutrition during adulthood. How will the severity and length of the malnourishment worsen the consequences?",How does malnutrition during adulthood effect intelligence?
1004,pxig0u,nutrition,So after the last lockdown I’ve been eating like trash and living my best life. However now that gyms are back open and I’m into a bit of a groove I want to get back to a healthier diet. I know I can start by cutting out the junk foods but I love to sit and binge eat. Any suggestions on maybe replacements for this? Once I get started I know I can get better and better.,Help with snack ideas.
1005,pxi7mn,nutrition,"Why five pieces of fruit and vegetables a day _at least_, but only 1 egg daily? Any relevant, sound explanations or guesses?",Why are there limits to meat and egg consumption but not to fruit and vegetable consumption?
1006,pxg4i9,nutrition,Getting mixed messages and would love some clarification.,"So, are whole grains healthy or not healthy?"
1007,pxdxez,nutrition,"So I take 
1000mg of c ,
1000iu d3,
1000mcg b12,
500mg of magnesium (migraine prevention ) ,
Cultureelle probiotic ,
Omega 3 500 epa ,

I’m a pretty healthy female (20) who spends a decent amount of time inside since I’m an engineering student workout 4-5x a week and eat a pretty balanced diet with protein fruits veggies exc , is this a good breakdown ? Or should I get rid of some adjust exc? Or maybe I’m taking too much of certain ones .",Vitamin question
1008,pxdq10,nutrition,I am a person who likes to have a dark roast coffee with some oatly barista edition in it. I actually kind of take a lot in it. Because my mug is pretty big I guess. So I have like 1 dl of oatly (100 ml). I just read shockingly that there is like 59 calories in 100 ml of oatly. How can there be so many calories in just 100ml? So my question is it this milk unhealthy?,Anyone having oatly barista edition in their coffees? And is it unhealthy?
1009,pxdmse,nutrition,It really is a great snack,Does anybody know about the pros and cons of eating a ton of frozen blueberries on a regular basis?
1010,pxdloy,nutrition,"Hi guys. Perhaps a rookie question but when we're recommended to avoid highly-processed foods, what actual substances are causing the damage?

A lot of vegan/vegetarian foods have all manner of stuff in them, ditto protein bars. But how can I tell the difference between 'good' additives and ingredients and the nasty ones? 

Are there any no-go things to look out for more than others? I cant imagine food colourings are particularly harmful but obv things like trans-fats cause cancer.",Avoiding 'highly-processed foods' - how do you tell from the ingredients list?
1011,pxae79,nutrition,"Ever since I was little, snow crab and king crab legs have been my favorite food. I don’t eat them often but when I do, I can clear 8 pounds without even blinking. 

I’ve always wondered, is crab a superfood? I know it’s healthy for you, but just how healthy is it? 

My other question goes into it’s availability. Crab is super expensive due to how dangerous it is to catch them and it’s high demand, but I always thought, can’t we just farm them? 

I know they take a long time to mature but what’s stopping us from farming crabs? I feel like it could be really profitable. Idk I could be wrong.",2 questions about crab meat
1012,px8fx2,nutrition,"Hi I’m 17, and for the last 3 years I only ate once a day 5 out of 7 days, that’s mainly because I live mostly alone as my parents both go to work when I finish school and only come in the morning, my usual routine goes like:

I wake up go to schoo for about 8 hours during wich I don’t eat anything not even a snack, it’s my choice as I don’t feel hungry at all I only now realised how bad it is,  once I get home arround 17 pm I order some food, mostly 2 large pizzas or 2 big hamburgers, for for generally only fast food.


I was wondering how much harm this could have done and if I should see a doctor, 1 year ago I got my blood analysis and the only bad thing was my vitamin D wich was very low but that’s because there isn’t much sun here, thanks in advance.",Only ate once a day for 3 years what are the consequences?
1013,px69zb,nutrition,"Ok so I'm currently 95.7lbs with a 24"" waist. My trainer makes me do carb cycling and gvt with a 800 calorie intake?!?! Is this even normal?! 😳😭🤣",5ft female 23yo
1014,px5mf3,nutrition,"Finding Health In An Unhealthy World - SOUL Perspectives; Why Can't We Get Healthy…

[https://youtu.be/pXOsDrDl2\_s](https://youtu.be/pXOsDrDl2_s)

\#Fancyfoodshow

\#sugaraddiction

\#soulperspectives

\#souldocumentary

\#evanhirsch

Come visit us for more info, videos and music: https://souldocumentary.love

In this episodes S.O.U.L.’s Kip and Evan share their perspectives on the challenges we all face in trying to get healthy in a country that has adopted a diet that is clearly poisoning us with sugar, fat, salt, and chemicals. 

\*\*\*\*\*\*

S.O.U.L. Perspectives:

Kip and Evan share their unique perspectives and insights about topics that feel relevant and important to discuss. The goal is to inspire people to evolve their thinking beyond society’s programming of snap judgments, fierce competition, and lonely self-reliance, and into a mindset of recognizing our inexorable interdependence, seeking compassionate understanding, and fostering productive collaboration.

\*\*\*\*\*\*

About S.O.U.L.:

S.O.U.L. is a team of content creators whose purpose is to help inspire and guide our conscious evolution through educational videos, documentaries, and music.

\*\*\*\*\*\*

Are You Ready To Evolve?

Join the S.O.U.L. tribe: http://www.soulDocumentary.love",Finding Health In An Unhealthy World - SOUL Perspectives; Why Can't We Get Healthy…
1015,px2yw7,nutrition," 

[https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/share/author/HRUZPRHX89CXTS8PG9D5?target=10.1002/jbt.22925](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/share/author/HRUZPRHX89CXTS8PG9D5?target=10.1002/jbt.22925) \#biogerontology #antiaging #gutmicrobiota #probiotics #sirtuins #NAD #drugdiscovery",Gut microbial metabolites potentially modulate the NAD+ metabolic pathway and longevity promoting proteins in humans
1016,pwwix8,nutrition,What are the best salad ingredients that help with acne and make skin glow?,Best salad ingredients for clear skin?
1017,pwt87h,nutrition,"So I've seen Abbey sharp do sponsorship for built bar in her videos. I stopped by the store today and saw built bars on the counter. Right on the top of the box in large print was ""zero guilt"" . Abbey regularly nitpicks and goes ape on people who moralize certain food but she's willing to partner with someone who does it to make a few bucks? Am i missing something here? Did they add that to the label sometime after she did the sponsorship? I'm not from the HAES community or anything, but this looks like hypocrasy to me. and Its happened before where she's done sponsorships for companies that claim they sell super foods, even though she is against super food marketing.

I'd like to respond to this in typical ""Abbey Sharp"" fashion, ina kind, non judgemental setting with her words ""GuYS , WhAt tHe AcTuAL F*cK""
And ""Ummm ....🙄 😤...wE hAvE a PrBleM hERe""",Is Abbey Sharp shilling for a food moralizer? Built bar (Hypocrasy? An oversight?)
1018,pwt4l8,nutrition,I am curious what supplements you personally take.,What supplements do you take and what benefit do you see from it?
1019,pwr4h6,nutrition,"
What are the difference between the absorption rate between these forms of Vitamins.

""Whole food"" Multis.

Chewable Multis

Pill Multis.

Gummy Multis.

do whole food vitamins include the same issues as vitamins absorption from food. Such as oxalaytes , phytic acid etc?.

does it hinder absorption compared to , Synthetic bio available forms? 

is the absorption any different between swallowing the pill or the chewable form?

Can certain vitamins compete in absorption and hinder each other?. But some can actually help each other be absorbed more efficiently?

How true is that? What Vits work together and which negete each other?

Thanks! :)",Vitamin absorption/Effiency Difference?
1020,pwq9y0,nutrition,"I hope this is the appropriate sub reddit for this, as it deals with nutrition as far as cooking healthily.  You do not want bad or poor quality metals leeching into your foods.  

What brands of cookware produce decently priced good and safe products and where can they be found in store?  Most are produced outside the US.  The majority are from China, some from India and a few from Mexico.  Ross, DD's, Walmart and even Bed, Bath and Beyond carries them.  Where can you go in store that has American or European made products, much less ones that won't charge you an arm and a leg?

Even Cuisinart is made in China now.  Some helpful websites speak of checking the stainless steel grade on some pots, but the ones I find do not have such numbers listed anywhere.  Not on the bottom of the pans, not on the side and not on the boxes themselves.

China does not have the best tract record and that is not hyperbole.  India's pots look unfinished, literally.  And not familiar with Mexican standards.  So what is a person to do when they need a decently priced good and safe cookware.  Thank you.",What is and where to find decently priced good safe cookware?
1021,pwpp1b,nutrition,"I'm trying to improve my life, i started drinking more water and focusing on my growth. Which would be the best multi/vitamins to help me achieve more happiness and growth?",Hey! What would be the best vitamins for mans both mental and physical health?
1022,pwp1jk,nutrition," So for homemade cream of rice, i grind up rice, and then pour boiling water ontop and then cook untill desired consitency?? i see people just mix w water and eat it, but with regular rice you allways boil it? isnt just pure non boiled rice hard to digest? or am i stupid? how do you prepare it?

i can: grind it up, pour in bowl, mix w boiling water, stir, and then microwave for x minutes maybe?",CREAM OF RICE - How to prepare it?
1023,pwmmbh,nutrition,Just wondering if there is a range or margin of error when using this estimation because it seems to overestimate a bit,Is there a margin of error for estimated energy requirements? (EER)
1024,pwktnu,nutrition,"I read soms stuff about too much vitamin A from eating cow liver. So, realistically, what would maximum daily safe intake be?",How much cow liver us too much?
1025,pwkjiq,nutrition,"So I’m thinking of adding 2-3 servings of Nu-Salt (potassium chloride) and  1 serving of Thorne Magnesium Bisglycinate in my 40 oz flask with water, maybe some San Pellegrino once in a while. I’ll drink this throughout the day, like in 4-8 hours. Do I need to eat some food to absorbs the electrolytes or is that thinking too much about this? I’m thinking I may add a bit of salt but I’d imagine I get it from food. I’m thinking this is better than popping some pills since I will drink my flask anyway.",Is this an adequate electrolyte drink?
1026,pwe0hw,nutrition,"Hi,
I recently discovered his youtube channel and its very informative. But it also seems to be very biased towards a healthy Keto and some Fasting. While I'm sure what he promotes works It means cutting a lot of nutrients out and I sure wouldn't be able to do that during a lifetime.
Has anybody else seen his videos, and what is your opinion o  his videos?",What's your opinion on Dr. Sten Ekberg? (youtoube channel)
1027,pwb4uo,nutrition,Im looking to up my nutrition game at this upcoming festival. Usually we pack decently healthy foods but I know there is a lot of room to improve. We will be camping at the festival for a while and need to bring most of our food with us. There will be lots of alcohol and other things. The main goal of the plan is to find foods to help feeling less shitty and helping with hangovers. What do you guys recommend?,Meal plan for a 4 day rave festival?
1028,pwabx7,nutrition,"Curious what folks think. They're my go-to trifecta for nutrition, cost, and taste, so hoping they are not terrible for you.",How healthy are kale chips?
1029,pw9q94,nutrition,"Is it okay for a person who only ate breakfast, no lunch due to work, to eat late at night close to midnight? Wouldn't that eating habit gain weight?",Food Eating Hours
1031,pw6em4,nutrition,"My dad recently had a major stroke. He has diabetes type II, high blood pressure, and high cholesterol. Since his stroke, he’s on a thickened liquids and soft foods diet. I’ve taken over his healthcare and I’m at a complete lost as to what to cook and how I can ensure he’s getting all the nutrients he needs. Now that his appetite is getting better, he’s asking for foods he use to eat and it’s just a battle between us every meal. Any resource or suggestions?",What should my dad be eating?
1032,pw6910,nutrition,"why are people so resistant to science?  i linked 5 studies and two comprehensive youtube lectures.  they refused to give any counterarguments and just deleted any post about it.  

what can you say to a clueless layman who doesn't know anything about sfa's/mufa's/pufa's and doesn't want to hear that the oil they eat everyday is killing them slowly?",got permabanned from askculinary for saying refined seed oils are unhealthy...
1033,pw5qj8,nutrition,"Are you able to get your daily vegetable intake from just one vegetable, in my case spinach, and if so about how many leaves would you need to eat?",Questions about daily vegetable intake
1034,pw2s9b,nutrition,"Has there been any recent research that there may be benefits from certain nutrients by going above the RDA
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
Or some populations need more?",What nutrients might have the most additional benefits from going over the RDA?
1035,pw0xbm,nutrition,"Based on your current understanding of nutrition, if you were going to design a single meal providing all needed nutrition for an institution like a hospital or army base, in an impoverished area, what would it be?

&amp;#x200B;

Based on my current understanding, it would be vegetable-lentil soup, sprouted wheat and flaxseed bread topped with peanut butter and maybe a blackberry/raspberry fruit topping/mixture without added sugar. For vegetables in the soup, I would think carrots, tomatoes, kale or spinach, onion or garlic, and maybe sweet potatoes should be enough. The stock would be chicken bone with a bit of chicken fat. I might also add strands of scrambled eggs, egg-drop soup style.

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks in advance.",How would you design one meal with all needed nutrition?
1036,pw00xl,nutrition,"So hypothetically if someone was unknowingly say weeks or even days from a heart attack due to unhealthy diet and lifestyle,

could the heart attack be negated with a drastic diet and lifestyle change?

or do you think theres a point when no matter how well you change and stick to a healthy diet/lifestyle where the heart attack is inevitable?",Hypothetical drastic diet lifestyle change question
1037,pvzfrh,nutrition,"With the goal being to minimize any huge spikes in blood sugar/insulin. So far, I’ve found 3 strategies: have it with protein, have it with fiber, or exercise right after (so the muscle demands more glucose). What else would you guys recommend? I just want to make sure I’m setting myself for long-term metabolic success and the best insulin sensitivity I can achieve.","If you had to choose the BEST context to indulge in a sweet treat in, what would it be?"
1038,pvwl54,nutrition,"I'll just use these beef parts as examples because I already have the %s in front of me. If I know beef heart is 82% protein and 18% fat by weight, can I just use those numbers to determine grams of protein and fat in 1oz of beef heart? Same goes for all other cuts/parts... If I know beef lungs are 86.5% protein, 13.5% fat, can I determine the macros by weight? 

(Yes, I know these are weird product examples.. lol. They were just the 2 I had in front of me while looking at nose to tail beef parts on a protein/fat% chart)",Can Protein/Fat Measurements be Determined Based on %?
1039,pvv802,nutrition,"Currently trying to see if sugar is the culprit, when should I expect results or move on to the next thing?","When cutting out foods to cure acne, how long does it take to show results?"
1040,pvuh5b,nutrition,"I'm just looking for nutritional information on these things, and google has given me nothing. Whenever I search them, I just get jalapeno information. Does anyone know about these things? I just want to know calories for them",Jaloro Peppers. Help
1041,pvtoww,nutrition,"I work for a small (~30 employees) company, and they're really pushing to promote physical and mental health. Our president is looking for options to provide cheap (or free) food options to us other than the normal candy and donuts.

He has an idea to set up a salad bar and maybe even bring someone in a few times a week to cook lunches. To me, it seems like overkill, given that a lot of my coworkers are in and out a lot, so you never know how many people are going to be there any given day.

I was thinking something along the lines of a hotel breakfast bar, where most of the things like oats and granola can stay out, and people can grab what they want. Any other suggestions?",Office workers: What food options would you like too see at work?
1042,pvr73g,nutrition,"from wikipedia:

The thermic effect of food is the energy required for digestion, absorption, and disposal of ingested nutrients. Its magnitude depends on the composition of the food consumed:

- Carbohydrates: 5 to 15% of the energy consumed
- Protein: 20 to 30%
- Fats: at most 5 to 15%

Let's consider averages since the exact amount depends on the type of macros that you're consuming: if the TEF wasn't accounted for, consuming the same amount of carbs or protein would technically have the same calories, but thanks to the TEF proteins should have an average difference of 15% less energy (22.5% - 7.5%).

So: 

- 400 grams of carbs would have 1600 - 120 = 1480 kcals
- 400 grams of proteins would have 1600 - 360 = 1240 kcals","When we say that carbs, fats, proteins have respectively 4, 9, 4 kcals/g, is the TEF already accounted for?"
1043,pvpmxq,nutrition,"I was thinking and thought that when trying to figure out your ideal diet you should look at your race and ethnicity. The food in your native environment is very important, marsupials aren't evolved to eat food in Arctic climates. For example look at the Inuit and fish.","Ethnicity, race and ideal diet."
1044,pvpdcb,nutrition,I used to consume boiled soya chunks but I totally hate the taste of it. Can you please recommend some good sources of learn protein sources for vegetarians.,What are the sources of lean protein for vegetarians in India?
1045,pvog3c,nutrition,"I've been looking all over for this answer but can't seem to find anything because it seems to be so specific of a question.  

So I am a 5'10""/176cm male that's about 190lbs and roughly 18-20% body fat.  Since your body burns more calories throughout the day if you have much more muscle mass, is there any way to gauge how many more calories you're burning and how much more you can afford to eat compared to someone else your height with an average and healthy BMI?  I use an Apple Watch to track how many calories I burn daily but it doesn't take BMI into account; it also differs heavily from the Fitbit in daily calories burned.  For someone with this type of muscle-to-fat ratio and composition, is there any way to gauge how many more inactive calories you're burning daily due to the extra muscle mass in your body?  Sorry if any of this info is incorrect btw and thanks in advance.",Is there a way to measure how much your daily caloric intake would have to be if you have lots of muscle mass?
1046,pvog14,nutrition,"to me both natural and conventional peanut butters taste amazing, but stirring natural peanut butter is really annoying, considering that you can't eat that much peanut butter because it's so high in calories, is it worth it to switch from conventional brands like Jif and Peter Pan to natural brands that contain nothing but peanuts and salt?",are the hydrogenated vegetable oils in conventional peanut butter that bad?
1047,pvo89t,nutrition,"Like even if a single bite has more calories, bad fats, sugar then eating an entire cake or something?",What is the most fattening terrible food in existence that you don't have to eat very much of to be eating unhealthy?
1048,pvnaxw,nutrition,"Do brands have to put down that it has sucralose as an ingredient on the nutrition label or can they just say its ""artificial sweetener"" ?",Do brands have to put down that it has sucralose as an ingredient on the nutrition label?
1049,pvm6u5,nutrition,"Curious to know if peas &amp; peanuts will provide the same brain health benefit as touted for legumes in general (beans &amp; lentils): [https://health.clevelandclinic.org/boost-your-brain-with-b-vitamins-and-beans/](https://health.clevelandclinic.org/boost-your-brain-with-b-vitamins-and-beans/)

Thanks!",Peas and peanuts as legumes for brain health
1050,pvlnof,nutrition,What company should I buy vitamin K2 from?,Where to buy Vitamin K2.
1051,pvl3we,nutrition,"Interested for personal reasons but I would like to do so slowly to mitigate any undesirable effects of a 180 diet change. 

Looking for stuff like:

-Best ways to get protein (love egg whites, Greek yogurt and will continue to use those) 

-quick staple meals 

-transitional tips

*my body hasn’t done well with soy the last few times I’ve had it

Any tips and advice greatly appreciated",Tips to gradually move towards vegetarian lifestyle
1052,pvkwu2,nutrition,pretty much the title i see a lot of different ways that give very different results.,best way to calculate ideal protien intake?
1053,pvknkj,nutrition,Is challah the same as white bread? Does it have the same blood sugar spike and unsatiating effect as white bread? It is made with high gluten flour.,Challah bread..
1054,pvk57h,nutrition,"People say avoiding all processed or packaged foods is the way to be healthier and lose weight. 

Commonly the mind would go to things like sodas, cereals, chips, museli bars etc. 

But would you also include things that are normally considered somewhat healthy like:

- Passata in a jar (for pasta)
- Canned tuna
- Feta (wrapped in plastic)
- A jar of korma paste (for curry)
- Vegetable stock (for risotto)
- A wholegrain loaf of sourdough 

To anyone that sticks to avoiding processed foods: do you make all your own stocks, pastes, passattas etc from scratch and completely avoid canned food and all cheeses?",Where do you draw the line with processed foods?
1055,pvjne5,nutrition,"I'm not pleased with any I've tried.  After pasting a list of ingredients into a calculator, I often find that that 75% of the ingredients have to be edited for the calculator to recognize them.  Some calculators are more focused on name brand products than basic ingredients for cooking from scratch.  Some can't tolerate a words like minced or julienned.  Some can't tolerate metric units.",Which online recipe nutrition calculator(s) do you prefer?
1056,pvje5e,nutrition,I'm curious because I've always ate fat free dairy to avoid the saturated fat. If it really doesn't raise cholesterol I could see eating full fat since I struggle to get enough calories in.,"Is it true that the type of saturated fat in dairy products like milk, yogurt, cheese etc doesn't raise cholesterol levels like most types of saturated fat?"
1057,pvit61,nutrition,"Hey.
I accidentally threw my shaker ball in the toilet. Should I still use it?",I threw my shaker ball in the toilet.
1058,pvhex3,nutrition,"While there are plenty of macro trackers they all seem to lack the granularity of vitamins/minerals/etc. **Are there any good micronutrient trackers/apps/sites out there?**

I used to use [nutritiondata.self.com](https://nutritiondata.self.com) but its owner no longer seems to give the site any love, and the Flash player that is required to display some of its most valuable charts is no longer supported by Adobe. I used to track both in MyFitnessPal AND here because I wanted to make sure I was being fully nourished and not just keeping my calories low.",MICROnutrient Trackers
1059,pvhdw9,nutrition," While there are plenty of macro trackers they all seem to lack the granularity of vitamins/minerals/etc. **Are there any good micronutrient trackers/apps/sites out there?** 

I used to use [nutritiondata.self.com](https://nutritiondata.self.com) but its owner no longer seems to give the site any love, and the Flash player that is required to display some of its most valuable charts is no longer supported by Adobe. I used to track both in MyFitnessPal AND here because I wanted to make sure I was being fully nourished and not just keeping my calories low.",MICROnutrient Trackers
1061,pvfmop,nutrition,"&amp;#x200B;

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3naWkM6PtA&amp;ab\_channel=Culturiosity](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3naWkM6PtA&amp;ab_channel=Culturiosity)",Why Americans Can't Be Healthy Even If They Try
1062,pvda47,nutrition,"I want to try it because I really like their clear whey isolate, but it’s very expensive and not worth it for so little servings.
someone here said that the clear whey is basically hydrolysed whey with added flavoring. 
Is it true? Will it dissolve good in water like their  clear whey? 
If yes than, The only disadvantage that it’s unflavored and I will need to try to play with it to see how to flavor it,  and my idea is this: 
I thought about using some sugar free substitutes and maybe use a fruit and mix the hydrolysed whey with water , If it works then I will have my “own” clear whey less than half of the price, sounds good to me but I’m not sure if it will actually work (I know it will not be really the same flavor as clear whey but maybe if it dissolves well in water I will find a solution to the flavor) 
The main purpose is that I don’t want to use milk / milk substitutes I want to use only water with maybe some added fruits/ sugar substitutes for flavoring  
Wonder if someone here thought about it 
I will love to hear your thoughts and opinions and corrections :) 
Thanks","I’ve recently discovered that myprotein have Hydrolysed Whey, it’s not so expensive and about the same price of their isolate, did anyone tried it?"
1063,pvcpd8,nutrition,Fish has a more protein than chicken whilst having more healthy fat. I usually hear people talking about chicken when they are talking about dieting instead of fish.,Why don't people eat more fish instead of chicken
1064,pvajjn,nutrition,"Hello! I am about to move in a student home soon and I'm not going to have a fridge for 2-4 weeks. What healthy foods do not need to be held in the fridge for them to last 2-3-4 days and still remain edible? Bonus points if they're rich in protein.

I assume most fruits and vegetables are in this list.",Healthy foods that resist outside of the fridge for longer periods of time?
1065,pvai8v,nutrition,Would edibles damage muscle growth/testosterone?,Does weed harm fitness journey
1066,pv9xe2,nutrition,"[This](https://nutritiondata.self.com/facts/fruits-and-fruit-juices/1846/2) website is absolutely mindblowing. Quantities for every single vitamin, mineral, amino acid, fat sub-type, carb sub-type, water content in all foods; you can search foods by ""highest amount of X substance per 100 g"". Truly amazing stuff. **At the same time, it looks a bit left out. Still using outdated technologies like Flash, asking you to download it.** I'm a little worried it might one day just simple... die? Anyway, is there a free website as good and powerful as this one that is a little bit more well-kept? Thanks in advance!",Is there a better food nutritional information website than Self's Nutrition Data?
1067,pv9mza,nutrition,"Im not convinced, but I’m with a group of friends that swear by it. They say the blood sugars don’t spike in the way sugar does. They say it’s better for your heart and body, and that diabetics use it. 

I can’t fathom that it’s not just another form of sugar. Anybody know?",Is Monk Fruit (sweetener) a healthy alternative to sugar?
1068,pv8v1s,nutrition,"I found out recently that I am lactose intolerant, and also sensitive to Gliadin, Gluten, wheat and Almond. What traditional diet matches up with my sensitivites?

[https://imgur.com/a/K1yRJsr](https://imgur.com/a/K1yRJsr)",What diet best aligns with my food restrictions?
1069,pv78cz,nutrition,General survey,Do You Want to Know How To Create Quick &amp; Easy Fat Burning Recipes That Will Taste Just Like Your Favorite Meals?
1070,pv3zou,nutrition,"Are the use of thermogenics is okay when training to help sweat more. My understanding is that these are just caffeine pills and have mixed reviews on effectiveness for weight loss. 

Any thoughts on this ?",Thermogenics usefulness
1071,pv2jao,nutrition,Why do bananas and apples taste so much sweeter after you fry or bake them? Is there still the same amount of sugar,Does cooking fruit increase sugar content?
1072,pv2d2z,nutrition,"is it true or a myth that:

\- drinking about 200mL (a glass) of water right before a meal is good for you

\- after a period of fasting its better to eat proteins first

I've heard contradicting sources state that after a period of fasting its better to eat proteins first/ fibres first.... so is it protein or fibres? and why?

Same questions regarding drinking water; is it truly good for you or is it just to make you feel fuller and eat less?

Thanks, would appreciate some insight. :)",Myth? Drinking water right before meals and eating protein first
1073,pv0ik8,nutrition,I take this multivitamin syrup and apparently you can almost reach your recommended dietary allowance in one teaspoon. But I've been taking two tablespoons for almost a month. Have I done any damage to my body? I've heard Vitamin B6 in excess can cause nerve damage ands other bad stuff about the other vitamins. Should I take a break for a week and the start eating a teaspoon a day ?,Accidentally overdosed on vitamins
1074,puyrus,nutrition,"Does Ensure contain the vitamins and minerals it says it does, and are the vitamins and minerals the same as what you’d get in normal solida foods?","Does Ensure contain the vitamins and minerals it says it does, and are the vitamins and minerals the same as what you’d get in normal solida foods?"
1075,puyo1v,nutrition,"i see it in almost all ingredients lists at grocery store,, personally i dont trust it as i dont trust vegetables oils but maybe im wrong and its not bad. someone explain please.:)",is citric acid bad 4 you??
1076,puyh96,nutrition,"Okay, so I know that Monster in general is not healthy, but it's been a long time and I wanted one.

Getting around to logging, I realized the can doesn't add up to my U.S. Monster nutrition facts.  


So, according to everything I've seen U.S. based this is the situation:  
16 ounces/473 ML=54g Carbohydrates, 0 fat, 0protein=Approximately 216 calories (Can says 220)  


But this Chinese can says:  
11 ounces/330ML=24.09g Carbohydrates, 0 fat, 0 protein=Approximately 96 calories (Can says 96, if my KJ conversion math is correct)  


US:  220/16=13.75 calories per ounce.  
China: 96/11=8.73 calories per ounce.

So, I'm wondering if anyone knows if there's just a mountain less sugar in this Monster? Or are the measurements off. It tastes the same, as far as I remember.  


(The reason I haven't just taken this at face value is because I know the Chinese inch is larger than the American inch and I'm not quite sure if the metric is the metrics I know or based on an old system)",Is Chinese Monster different? Is the China food gram the same as U.S./Europe?
1077,puw24g,nutrition,"Does anyone have any tips, ideas or recipes for a nutrient dense shake that high in calories but also nutritous? I hear some people put canned pumpkin + oats into a smoothie. Others banana + pb + oats. 

Any recommendations?",Homemade nutrient dense shakes?
1078,puvav5,nutrition,"I put a blood sugar sensor on my mom, and she had a massive blood sugar spike after eating grapes. My mom is a slender non-diabetic. I can not imagine that a blood sugar spike over 200mg/dl is in any way healthy, even if it lasts only for an hour.",How healthy is fruit?
1079,puuoto,nutrition,Hey all. Getting into the habit of taking vitamins and wanted some input on vitamin combinations. Is there any vitamin combinations that are better not taken together? Are there some that are better together? I am currently just taking a Vitamin Shoppe one a day and a Vitamin Shoppe Omega 3 supplement.,Vitamin combination question
1080,put8pp,nutrition,"I went vegan about a year ago and I'm wondering this. Obviously I know about the B12 and the complete protein thing, maybe creatine too, but aside from that is there anything that meat has that you wouldn't get without meat?","For people who don't eat many plants, they often talk about missing out on certain lesser known things like phytonutrients and whatnot. Is there an analogous comparison for those who don't eat meat?"
1081,put5zm,nutrition,"So if I only ate carbs and meat, therefore eating no veggies... are there any supplements that can give me enough of the nutrients that one needs from vegetables?

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks",Are there any supplements that can be taken instead of vegetables?
1082,puqb06,nutrition,"If someone were to have a lot of difficulty taking in large amounts of food, what are the best, low portion, high calorie foods you would suggest?","Best low portion, high calorie foods"
1083,pup0l1,nutrition,"Fun question guys, if you could only eat three things ""for best health"" for the rest of your life what would they be?",Fun question of the day.
1084,pum21v,nutrition,"For example, if I went to Japan I would try natto because it’s high in vit K2, in Jamaica I would try seamoss gel since it’s full of vitamins.",What specific nutritious foods would you try in a specific country?
1085,pujx2u,nutrition,"For context I am a female in her early twenties who struggles with nutrition due to a stress disorder; I'm underweight, which does negatively affect my daily life. So if this is a characteristic of my health rather than potatoes/oats/rice/pastas nutritional makeup, uh, let me know.

I've noticed that when I have a meal of primarily oats or primarily potatoes, I feel very full but become hungry a couple hours later. I googled it out of interest and continually came across references to how this also occurs with rice, bread, and pasta (due to blood sugar spikes from all the carbs) but for me, that's not the case. If I have a couple of cups of flavored rice or cheesy pasta, I'm not only full, I'm good for a long while! So why do I experience this with only potatoes and oats? I make sure to pair them with other things to get complete proteins, and I have plenty of fiber and healthy fats in my diet. I don't portion my food and just eat until I'm satisfied, so volume isn't the issue. I do experience this hunger to some extent with tomato based pastas that don't have cream or cheese, but not so bad that I'm back to eating a mere hour or two later. With potatoes, I'll even have a couple of mouthfuls and then feel full again! Is there some psychological/physiological trick to potatoes and oats that other carbs don't have? I was thinking that for oats the high fiber may make the calories nutritionally unavailable and so create a 'false' sense of fullness, but I don't see how potatoes differs much from rice or pasta.

Also please don't say, the issue is that you clearly need to eat more fiber/protein/balanced/diverse meals!!! As mentioned, I have a stress disorder, I eat what I can when I can. I'm just curious and here to ask for the science, not life advice.",What causes my hunger spike after potatoes and oats but not rice or pasta?
1086,puhyzu,nutrition,"Hey! When drinking milk, I hear 'clicks' close to my ears every time I swallow a bit of it. This strange occurrence only takes place with milk, nothing else. Why does it happen and has anyone else ever felt the same?",Any insights on strange ear 'clicks' when drinking milk?
1087,puhhnw,nutrition,"Is there any negative side effects to munching on cinnamon sticks?


I enjoy them as a kind of snack and am wondering if it's bad to have too many. 
I sometimes eat up to 3 per day.




It started when I jokingly pretended to join in with a bunch of my smoker friends for some self amusement. One thing lead to another, and I'd like to continue.

I can't find any information online.",Cinnamon Quills.
1088,puhfoa,nutrition,"Long story short last night I did a full body workout and didn’t eat dinner after, I had a protein bar and I woke up feeling horrible so I assumed it was nutrient related and loaded on protein to help with muscle repair was this a good decision?",Can you load protein for breakfast?
1089,pug403,nutrition,"Greetings y'all. Folk who ingest sea moss in any form, how has it improved any aspect of your body?",The seamoss wave.
1090,puei0x,nutrition,"If someone who’s healthy and eats well and sleeps well, do you ever need tea or caffeine in general? i’m planning to cut off tea for good",Do we actually need tea in our diet?
1091,pudlbk,nutrition,"If so, what are some ways to combat it",Does gluten withdrawal cause headache?
1092,pubvbg,nutrition,"During winter I’ll supplement vitamin D, but feel confident I get enough in the summer. 
Autumn is here but it’s not so gloomy out. When’s the best time to start supplementing ?",When to start vit D for winter?
1093,puajg6,nutrition,"I often read you should eat a diet ""rich in nuts and seeds"", like paleo or mediterranean for example. But on the other hand, i read that you should stick to about an ounce of nuts a day overall. Didnt find anything about seeds. I will probably include about 50g of nuts a day because i really like them. Is it the same for seeds? because even if i raise it to 50g, it still seems low, if i add 1-2 spoons of chia and flaxseed to a smoothie (20-40g), add some 1-3 spoons sesame seeds to one meal and sunflower seeds to another, i would already be at something like 70. and what if i now want to eat some hemp seeds seeds too in a joghurt or something. could it be bad to eat so much seeds daily? one think i can think of is their high phytate content. im currently eating meat because im on a elimination diet, but want to go vegetarian again eventually, so i would eat beans and lentils, other phytate foods too, and probably a lot. i mean it seems like almost all vegetable protein sources are high in phytate, and it inhibits zinc absorption by 85%, but in foods its in binded form and different, so idk.",How much nuts and seeds do you/should you eat?
1094,puacug,nutrition,Trying to find the best of the best and Google isn’t helping. Does anyone know of some top dietitians/nutritionists in Atlanta???,Registered dietitians in Atlanta?
1095,pu8cj3,nutrition,"During shopping for a collagen supplement, I mentioned to the health food store clerk that I wanted it to be a powder to dissolve in my protein shake. She replied that I shouldn’t take my protein powder and collagen supplement together, as the protein powder doesn’t allow the collagen to be absorbed…Is this accurate?",When to take collagen supplement
1096,pu7tda,nutrition,"Hopefully this post meets the criteria: been reading about the benefits of various nuts and seeds, but for example: if you have a 1/4 cup of both sunflower and pumpkin seeds, you’ve exceeded the DV of copper.

So my question, not understanding how the body actually processes excess metals, vitamins and minerals it doesn’t need, is could one run the risk of poisoning oneself by exceeding your DV of a nutrient like copper over a long period of time? Or would you need to ingest massive amounts of the food to get to that point?",Metal Poisoning From Nuts?
1097,pu767u,nutrition,What would be the health effects of eating only pretzels for exactly 3 months? Specifically 500 calories worth every day and only that. It would be very helpful to know.,Only eating pretzels
1099,pu3l2a,nutrition,"I supplement with protein powders after strength training about every other day and have hit a wall with protein powders. I've been using an unflavored whey isolate for about 6 months and stopped a couple of weeks ago because it was starting to bother my stomach and was causing massive breakouts. Since then, I've been using whole foods collagen peptides, which has been great, but I do know that it's not actually the best source of protein for strength gains because it doesn't contain all the amino acids. I've also tried a variety of different pea proteins which are absolutely disgusting in my opinion and destroy my stomach. Anyone have any alternative suggestions that hit most of the criteria below?

\- Complete protein, non-dairy, mixes easily, not too strongly flavored, low on carbs and fats",Protein Supplement Suggestions
1100,pu3d4y,nutrition,I want to make ice cubes with ground turmeric to add to my tea and I was wondering if freezing this spice affects its antioxidant levels and other health benefits.,Freezing ground turmeric
1101,pu33z7,nutrition,"Recently [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQmqVVmMB3k&amp;t=1468s) video came out from the channel ""What I've learned"", it's a channel which talks about random topics, although nutrition comes up the most. 

He does have a strong bias towards a predominately meat-based diet, this is also evident from the fact that in a video he tried to downplay the effects of animal products on the climate, by citing a study that was incredibly poorly designed, which any sensible person would know if he read through the study. 

I'm of course not here to talk about the link between diet and the climate as it isn't the purpose of this sub, I'm just trying to explain that he clearly does have a strong bias. So back to my question, when I ask whether polyunsaturated fat is bad I don't mean consuming hundreds of calories from vegetable oil, but polyunsaturated fats coming from whole foods. Something else which is also important is that the omega 3 to 6 ratio should be between 1:4-1:1. 

So if you can provide good evidence that a high polyunsaturated fat intake is bad even if your omega 3 to 6 balance is good and your source is whole foods then I will be convinced, but at the moment I only get confused by this debate as I get so many arguments from both sides. 

By high poly unsaturated fat intake I mean around 10% of calories coming from poly unsaturated fat",Are polyunsaturated fats bad?
1102,pu2d34,nutrition,"Sardines in question:[https://www.walmart.com/ip/Great-Value-Sardines-in-Oil-3-75-oz/773467032](https://www.walmart.com/ip/Great-Value-Sardines-in-Oil-3-75-oz/773467032)

Weird it doesn't have that information in the nutritional facts, so I'm curious. Is there any source out there saying how much sodium is in these?",How much sodium in Great Value Sardines 3.75 oz can in oil?
1103,ptxwdy,nutrition,"For overall general health, which option is the best? It seems like milk alternatives are not much more than fortified flavored water, does the protein and calcium from real milk outweigh any potential problems from dairy?","If an adult is not lactose intolerant and has no problems digesting dairy, is it beneficial for that person to drink grassfed whole milk over milk alternatives?"
1104,ptw38c,nutrition,"Hella curious, was inspired by the other post about foods that should be eaten together.","Which foods should NEVER be eaten together, so that the nutrients can best absorbed? (And why?)"
1105,pts3dz,nutrition,Example: Turmeric and black pepper,"Which foods should always be eaten together, so that the nutrients can best absorbed? (And why?)"
1106,ptpypg,nutrition,"I am looking for a supplement with collagen that has at least 35g of collagen and at least 30g of keratin I accept versions from pills, tablets or softgels but I would like them to be more in tablets and if they can have vitamins that help to heal it would be a plus of be possible ( The more the merrier)",Collagen and keratin supplement?
1107,ptpnk5,nutrition,"I see this everywhere on this subreddit. I see threads upon threads where people hyperfocus on certain things like for example choline content in eggs causing a small increase in heart disease risk if consumed daily according to a single study. And then I'll check their comment history and they admit to being overweight and not exercising?

If you really were focusing on the healthiest lifestyle for the longest life, wouldn't you first focus on the things that massively make a difference, to only then start working on the tiny details like the choline content of eggs you consume in a day?","Why are people hyperfocused on, for example, certain tiny nutrients in certain doses causing a 5% increase in CVD risk according to 1 study, instead of exercising which decreases risk by so much more?"
1108,ptjnzl,nutrition,How much artificial sweeteners is too much for a day ?,UTL Artificial sweeteners per day
1111,ptiiu3,nutrition,"Question: Can Supplemental Bromelain Negatively Affect Muscle Growth Due to Anti-Inflammatory Properties?

Bromelain (the enzyme found in Pineapples) breaks down protein, making it easier for the body to digest. For bodybuilding this actually beneficial.

**Bromelain in supplement form is usually 500mg per capsule/dose.**

However bromelain has anti-inflammatory properties which in high dose's (such as Ibuprofen) have been shown to have a dampening effect on muscle growth in the long term.

**Anti-inflammatories, (in high doses' like Ibuprofen) have dampening effects long term.**

Source: [https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2017/08/170828125123.htm](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2017/08/170828125123.htm)

**Bromelain ant-inflammatory effects, relieving sinus inflammation, reducing pain from arthritis, surgery pain, asthma-related airway inflammation and inflammatory bowel disease (IBD).** 

Source: [https://www.verywellhealth.com/bromelain-what-should-you-know-about-it-88318](https://www.verywellhealth.com/bromelain-what-should-you-know-about-it-88318)

So what do you guys think? Can Bromelain have a negative effect on muscle growth long term?",Can Supplemental Bromelain Negatively Affect Muscle Growth Due to Anti-Inflammatory Effects?
1112,pth8su,nutrition,What are some high protein/low carb meals that I can make? I hope to also gain some weight but I don’t want to consume to many carbs.,High protein/low carbs
1113,ptfhxr,nutrition,"I lost a lot of weight around a year ago, almost 40 pounds. And then I hit a plateau so I was doing a pretty big calorie deficit but not loosing any weight whatsoever. What's weird is when I finally gave up and allowed myself to eat whatever I wanted again I didn't gain any weight. I've done some research and found out stress can cause a calorie deficit to not work. The only problem is there is no way for me to get rid of any of the stressors in my life. Is there anything I can do to make a calorie deficit work without getting rid of stress?",Can a calorie deficit work with stress?
1114,ptezzi,nutrition,"What are carbohydrates and why do they matter when it comes to diets? Is limiting carbs more important then limiting, say. Sugar?",What are carbohydrates and why do they matter when it comes to diets?
1115,ptebra,nutrition,Hey i just bought Matcha organic green tea powder. What is the best way to take it in order to lose fat?,Matcha advise. Does it work?
1116,ptck06,nutrition,Is the liquid in canned Beans bad for you?,Should you Drain canned beans?
1117,ptc472,nutrition,What're some of the best foods to get bad and good cholesterol in check and some foods to cut out in order to help the process?,Good foods to get cholesterol in check?
1118,ptbpu6,nutrition,"I'm not against using tofu in dishes every now and then, but if I don't have tofu in my house can I use something like fish or meat instead of tofu?",Substitutes for tofu?
1119,ptb6lz,nutrition,"Its basically just a vegetable in powder form so i figured you can eat lots. Dosing is about 8g, but someone eat 100g per day?",Can one eat too much wheatgrass powder?
1120,ptaako,nutrition,Just wondering.,Do foods with phytic acid block nutrient absorption from other foods like the calcium in milk for example or does it only effect the nutrient absorption of the food containing it?
1121,pta0rn,nutrition,"What would you guys do with two bunches of cilantro? I thought I picked up parsley and cilantro but I picked up two bunches of cilantros instead. 

Don’t want to waste it. Any recommendations? I’m going to freeze some but I seriously only have one ice cube tray that I can use at a time.",Too much cilantro
1122,pt9s72,nutrition,"Hello. I've been wondering this for a while and I feel like I know the answer but I would like some reassurance. I bought almond milk at Walmart and it says that in total there is 2.5 total grams of fat per 240mL. It says 0 grams of saturated fat and 0 grams of trans fat. Am I just suppose to assume that those 2.5 grams of fat is monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats? If it is, then why do they not state it on the packaging?",Question about fat in foods
1123,pt8kk6,nutrition,"Hypothetically speaking, if you had someone who ate anything and everything they wanted (i.e. just had an unhealthy diet in general), what would be the one thing they could eliminate that would be most beneficial to improving health? Sugar? Red meat? Other?",What's the most beneficial thing to cut from a diet?
1124,pt7pt5,nutrition,"Is the difference between people having a high intake from butter vs. whole milk vs. coconut a contributor to the back and forth on this issue? Is it because the studies aren’t distinguishing source of saturated fat? Is there any difference in effect from different sources? I would love to hear the thoughts (and sources, if you have them) of some of the redditors here. What is your personal stance and how does that impact your dietary choices?",Is the source of saturated fat one of the reasons behind the controversy?
1125,pt6tqu,nutrition,Most of the ones are shitty/ have to pay for and I don’t wanna search on google because it’s more work,"What’s a good app to look at nutrition labels like vitamins, minerals, calories etc"
1126,pt541k,nutrition,I referred a few sources and all of them state different info can anyone please tell me accurate data?,Moong bean sprouts nutrition
1127,pt3b05,nutrition,"I work late nights till around 11 PM, trying to avoid all fast food and takeout, 

Does anyone here have a Go to meal that they could share with me? One that I could eat often, hell even almost every night, I’ve been coming home and making eggs but that’s about it, and I would love to hear some other ideas please let me know!!!",Hey everyone currently on a calorie deficit and
1128,pt058z,nutrition,Ive heard things like vitamin are fine to eat a lot of feom veggies and such because your body gets rid of what it doesnt need. Does this apply to manganese if i were to have most of it from oats and rice cakes?,Can you eat too much manganese from diet?
1129,pszkqg,nutrition,"He has changed his diet because he doesn't live with her grandmother anymore then he told me that he lost 8kg in 3 months and he said it is common for him to eat crackers with butter for breakfast, he eats rice with beans and chicken and a variety of vegetables for lunch and he said he always eats only cheese omelette for dinner","My friend has been complaining about losing much weight without intention, is it because he doesn't eat carbs in his dinner?"
1130,psyhix,nutrition,"I was checking out a few drinks we had, and all of them have over 50% of the daily recommended amount of added sugar in them. 

Yes, I understand that I could focus on reading nutrition labels better before buying products, but I was hoping maybe there was some store out there that goes out of their way to only sell food/drinks that don't have such ridiculous amounts of sugar added to them.

I feel like the answer will just be a big NO, but maybe someone has suggestions on how I could help find more nutritious items.

Specifically, I live in Charlotte, NC now. Any suggestions",Are there ANY grocery stores in the US that don't sell food and drinks that have excessive added sugars?
1131,psy305,nutrition,"havent been eating process sugar in a long time. only been eating fruits and occasional peanut butter.

so, is eating a whole velvet cake good for you? i mean i run a lot (lose about 600 calories per day) i am relatively skinny/lean. no real muscle mass though. i otherwise eat pretty healthy. oatmeal, pancake in the morning, some bread or rice with fish, chicken with pasta, etc.

how bad is eating a whole cake? wouldnt it be like 1k calories with no nutrition. will it hurt my teeth? make me gain a lot of fat? give me bad brain function? make me lose hair etc?",eeating a whole velvet cake?
1132,psxhxd,nutrition,"My weights always fluctuated and honestly stayed at around 120lbs (have always hated it, im 5’2) About a year and a half ago I became pescatarian and almost immediately shot down to 106 with no effort, wasn’t working out, eating bread and cheese, just not meat. 
I stayed like this for about a year with no effort and I was feeling incredible about it. I was then only fluctuating between 105-108 for that year. 

So about half a year ago, I started working out again and immediately gained weight- right back up to 121- totally sent me into a spiral and I couldn’t understand it because I wasn’t doing anything differently besides moderately working out. I’ve since stopped for the most part (I work out very lightly now) and still have mostly the same eating habits as I did throughout that year and was working for me. 

Now im at around 118 and it’s more difficult for me to lost weight than ever (I’ll also be 21 in a month so this change in my body also has been happening between the ages of 19-21) 

Can anybody make sense of this, ease my mind or give advice? 

Thanks!",Weight fluctuation after cutting out meat! Plz help or tell me what u know about this :)
1133,pswpt2,nutrition,"My sister is sick and is getting maybe 500 calories a day. The doctors aren't able to find out what is wrong with her, but she has more tests ordered. She has lost like 15 lbs in less than a month.

Ensure and boost are a bit expensive, so I wondered if a protein shake/mass gainer would be okay for her? I worry about them having too much protein. She cannot really get any fat (possibly a pancreas issue and a bad stomach ulcer?). Whenever she eats even half a banana she feels uncomfortably full and pushing, leading up to right sided pain.


She has been eating lentil soup, chicken breast and bananas. Any recommendations?",Not getting enough calories
1134,pswfvk,nutrition,What would happen if you ate all your weekly food like all macros in one sitting and didn’t eat for the rest of the week? Would your body feel normal? Would your body be optimized? Would strength/hormones/growth be affected cause I’m a teen,One meal a week
1135,psw03m,nutrition,whats the actual recommended amount of sugar intake a day all added sugars together? i keep seeing different things my new obsession is matcha and im getting self conscious about having more than one cup a day because one alone has 32g of sugar!! please help educate me,daily sugar intake
1136,psv86k,nutrition,"Hi, when I pressure cook frozen boneless skinless chicken breasts, a saturated fat blows out of the meat and collects on the surface. I scrape it off and use the meat.

What is this stuff? It looks like lipoprotein that clogs arteries",Fat blowing out of chicken?
1137,psv57l,nutrition,"So, I have ADHD and Autism. I'm medicated for the ADHD, and on days where my level of self hatred exceeds bearable levels, I seem to fail to eat until late at night. I find myself getting very intense protein cravings around this time and cannot sleep until I deal with them. I usually have cans of tuna around, as I like to have it with pasta and cheese sometimes. For a few weeks now, on said ""low"" days, I'll sate said protein cravings by eating between 2 and 4 cans of tuna. It's bizarre, I know, but I love the stuff. I'm a bit worried about mercury poisoning, though. I'd eat even more if I weren't. There's never any warnings on packaging or anything like that, yet Google, here, and Quora seems filled with people saying it's dangerous, so I assume that there's some truth to this?

Is there any way I can eat like 5 cans of tuna every other night and not die? Are there any alternatives; canned protein bombs that I can buy cheap and eat plenty of? I know the sane option would be to figure out a way to get myself to eat on the days where this occurs, and I'm working on that. Pre-preparing meals and such. I'm something of a useless idiot, though, so it's going to take a while.",How much tuna is too much?
1138,psqjxf,nutrition,"Redditors, I have a dilemma. Whenever I eat chicken, I get chest palpitations. But I love chicken and I was gifted boxes of frozen chicken.I am fine with other meat but they are expensive and currently strapped for cash so the boxes were a game changer. The palpitations are getting worse but I can't be eating plants or carbs just like that. What should I do? Should I eat the chicken or forsake my culinary pleasure. I rather die a happy and satisfied ghost than live miserably without breasts and thighs. Both roads leads to sorrow. 
 Help!!",To eat or not to eat chicken
1139,pson21,nutrition,"I don't think I need to prep you guys on this phenomenon. It's literally all over YouTube now, and has become very popular after that one guy went on Joe Rogan and bragged about all the ground beef he eats.

We saw this same thing with Vegan a few years ago. Keto as well. Now, I'm not arguing against vegan or keto. They're both still popular for a reason.

What this diet has in common with keto is that most of the people who support it will tell you that it is in fact, the most superior diet available. To be fair, carnivore is just a form of Keto. But a carnivore person will tell you keto isn't nearly as healthy as straight carnivore.

So what's the opinion here? You think it's actually the king daddy donkey of diets or just a bunch of people who went from McDonald's to meat and suddenly ""felt great!!!""",The Carnivore thing - elimination diet fad or a real contender?
1140,psibt8,nutrition,"I've been living under a rock and didn't realize there were protein powders (other than plant based) that aren't whey protein. My gf just started a new exercise and meal plan and bought an animal protein powder that says it uses salmon protein, pea protein, rice protein, chicken protein, etc. (I can name the brand in comments if necessary).
Is this type of protein powder any better than just straight whey protein powder? Maybe some advantages and disadvantages?",Animal based VS whey protein powders
1141,psgg5j,nutrition,"My nutrition professor and I were using the term “plant based diet” as two different things. Does it mean a vegan diet (NO animal products) or a diet that consists mainly of plants with animal products used sparingly or consumed on occasion?  I am just asking about the diets, I understand that being vegan often comes with certain lifestyle changes as well (no leather, no animal-based skin care products, etc.) I see the term “plant-based diet” used often, and I just want to make sure I’m understanding it correctly. Thank you.",Plant based vs. vegan- a question on semantics
1142,psfksr,nutrition,"I watched this seemingly convincing video on Youtube: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQmqVVmMB3k&amp;ab\_channel=WhatI%27veLearned](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQmqVVmMB3k&amp;ab_channel=WhatI%27veLearned).

I wonder what the rest of the nutrition/dietary community thinks?",Do you believe that vegetable oils cause obesity and lower lifespan in humans? [See the video link in the text]
1143,psfk97,nutrition," While a balanced diet is a key to a healthy life, consuming nutritional powder supplements can give your body the necessary support. Loaded with carbohydrates, proteins, and fats, Prohance is a unique blend of 34 natural nutrients. This wholesome blend helps people recover from injuries or accidents and jump back to good health. 

 Prohance is the best [**nutritional powder**](https://prohance.in/nutrition-products/prohance/protein-shake) for those following a weight-related diet and striving to attain a balanced level of nutrition. This meal replacement powder, with 34 vital nutrients, provides balanced energy from high-quality protein, fat and carbohydrates. It acts as a nutritional supplement to provide complete nutritional requirements.",The Best Nutritional Powder to Attain a Balanced Level of Nutrition
1144,psaa58,nutrition,"lets say you got your eggs, your onions, your cucumbers, you spices, you mayo, yatta yatta, your RYE bread, can you live off it?",Can you live off egg salad sandwhiches?
1145,ps9uns,nutrition,Wondering about palm oil and it’s health benefits or dangers. Is it safe to consume on a daily basis in peanut butters and plant based foods?,Palm oil healthy or unhealthy ?
1146,ps9ivt,nutrition,"So I’ve been following a healthy diet for a year, physically I’m amazing! But I noticed I’ve stopped eating salads, I’ve been working out for a year and a half, and I’ve been eating quite a bit of protein. 

But for veggies, do we really need them? I get my carbs and fibre from whole grain bread and avocados, my research has only lead me to “the benefits of vegetables are fibre and prevents cardiovascular diseases”. 

I’ve stopped running, and focused mainly on bodybuilding, waiting for MMA gyms to become more comfortable with restrictions. &gt; Will veggies benefit me in any way? 

I get 1,650 calories a day, 165carbs, 130protein, and 57fat (all macros in grams)",Are vegetables important?
1147,ps770c,nutrition,"With an exception of cheese and bread, I've been trying to eat foods in their original state as much as possible (besides cooking it).  I try to avoid added extra sauces, spices, etc. to my meals. I was wondering if there was a name for this?",Is there a name for a diet where you only eat whole foods?
1148,ps6v74,nutrition,"Seems like there's two schools of thought on the egg.

I see a lot of people advocating that eggs are inherently unhealthy and you should consume a maximum of two eggs per week, otherwise, you are going to destroy your body in some way.

The other side, (you see this from a lot of carnivore diet advocates) argues that eggs are like, the healthiest breakfast item you can have because they're low carb and high protein.

So what's the truth? Is 2-3 eggs for breakfast every morning good or bad?",The egg debate - healthy or harmful?
1149,ps6t4t,nutrition,"When eating unhealthy foods with large amounts of fats, that’ll affect you in the long-term when you’re doing cardio, for instance, as the fats can accumulate and clog your vessels, which can restrict blood flow to your lungs and make it harder to breathe. However I don’t think eating purely junk food over one weekend will clog your vessels significantly enough to affect you on a workout that you have on Monday so what affect does eating poorly have short-term, that results in being less in-shape than a couple of days ago? High sugar foods won’t provide lasting energy but I feel like that’s more significant for the food that you’ve eaten that day, not on the weekend. 

Sorry for the blabbering and also, I didn’t eat purely junk food this weekend but I did eat tons of cookies.",How does the food you eat over the weekend affect an individuals exercise?
1150,ps6gu2,nutrition,"While too much fat is bad, fat is essential for our health. For example, Vitamin A, D, E, and K are fat-soluble only. Testosterone is also associated with fat intake.

Suppose you are on a low-fat diet (for a variety of reasons like bodybuilding,etc.), what should you eat to mitigate the negative impacts ?",what should you eat to mitigate the negative impacts of a low-fat diet?
1151,ps5xly,nutrition,"Hypothetically - say you're eating a diet that is decent on macronutrients but otherwise spare (processed grains supplemented with refined oil and a protein source).  What common vegetable would you add first to such a diet?  

My gut intuition would be something like cabbage, but was interested to hear what else is either scientifically supported or common in traditional diets...","What common vegetable is the best ""all around"" for micronutrients / vitamins?"
1152,ps1a4w,nutrition,"Say there are 4 glasses of wine that will be consumed. 

Scenario 1: The person drinks 4 glasses in one night, over a 4 hour period (so 1 glass per hour). They do not drink other days of the week.

Scenario 2: The person drinks one glass of wine every day for 4 days.

what is the difference, aside from
the person being more intoxicated in scenario 1? Is it worse for your body to have it all in one night even if you aren't drinking the other days?

optional bonus Scenario 3: The person drinks 2 glasses of wine a night for 2 of the days. 

any difference there?",Does dispersion of alcohol consumption affect how your body processes it? (aside from getting less intoxicated)
1153,przvd3,nutrition,"Hi all - how much protein can be absorbed in one sitting / one meal? I’ve read 25-30 grams in an hour but I don’t really believe that. I’ve seen studies that say other wise and I don’t see how we would have evolved to only allow 25-30 grams. 

What are your thoughts and opinions?",Daily protein intake - how much can be absorbed?
1154,przp0v,nutrition,(in healthy boundaries of course),How can someone make their metabolism fast again?
1155,przges,nutrition,"Awhile back I remember hearing about a device in the works that told you the real nutritional value.  Does anyone know if anything came of it?

I know the nutritional labels probably are general guidelines and not super accurate right?

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks",Device that tells you the real nutritional content?
1156,pryl1b,nutrition,We’re always told that toast is good for binding loose stool but I’m wondering if anyone knows why/what ingredient in it makes this so?,What ingredient in bread helps prevent loose stools?
1157,prx640,nutrition,"So I am wondering on this calculation. Should this be based on current body weight or my target body weight? Meaning, if I’m 30lbs overweight shouldn’t I be intaking protein for my ideal weight since fat does not make use of the excess protein?",Protein to body weight calculation
1158,prsqzs,nutrition,"DISCLAIMER: Not asking for personal advice. Not asking for a friend. Won't  try any of this at home. Purely, PURELY scientific interest. Just curious! With that out of the way, let's get to the question then.

I tried and tried searching for this online and I just can't find the info.

So basically, common scientific knowledge is that dietary fat is essential for, in particular, cell production and hormone production. So, is it possible for the body to use stored body fat for those purposes? Or does one have to consume dietary fat daily, in order the body to have resources for cell and hormone production? What would happen to a human that would not get dietary fat for prolonged period of time (3 days, 7 days, more) - would the body have to cease those functions, or would it use stored body fat to run cell and hormone production just fine?",Can you use stored fat for hormone production and cell production?
1159,prqzel,nutrition,"So psyllium can interfere with the absorption of medicine, so the two shouldn't be taken together.

But wouldn't this also mean psyllium would interfere with all kinds of nutrient absorption?

I've been encouraged to include psyllium in my morning smoothie but wanted to clarify this first.",Question about psyllium husk and absorption of medicines and nutrients
1160,prqq6n,nutrition,This might actually go for a few other foods.,"Couldn't jelly/jam/preserves more accurately be labeled ""fruit flavored sugar"" or ""corn syrup with real chunks of fruit""?"
1161,prni30,nutrition,"Usually, when I am cooking a curry I use a lot of onion, tomatoes and sometimes, peppers. They usually blend into the curry to give great texture. Do the vegetables I put in it count as the veggie servings?

For example, I am making a chicken curry and use 1 large onion, 2 tomatoes, and 4 green thai peppers. Do all these vegetables count in the serving?",Do vegetables put in a curry count as a veggie serving?
1163,prmy6p,nutrition,"According to a few [news sources](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-09-20/white-striping-hits-99-of-u-s-supermarket-chicken-study-finds), a disease called “white striping” is in the majority of chicken breast in the U.S. 

Apparently the disease is caused by chickens not being able to handle their own weight. So, the muscles are replaced with fat. This also mainly targets chicken breast according to the news articles. 

The news also says this disease is not dangerous for humans (or even the chicken themselves). 

But, if there’s now more fat in chicken breast than there was 10 years ago, shouldn’t there be some kind of public service announcement saying “chicken breast now has X grams of fat per 100 grams”?","99% of chicken in the US market has white striping disease, but it doesn’t sound dangerous so what’s the risk?"
1164,prlzdj,nutrition,"There sure is a lot of conflicting research on this one… I’m reading that ketogenic principles combined with intermittent fasting can do wonders for dropping weight and maximizing heart health.  

But then I read that vegan/vegetarianism is the way to go.  It’s maddening…

Which lifestyle really promotes arterial health, and keeps these things ticking strong?",Ultimate Heart Health Diet?
1165,prkyd2,nutrition,"I'm not a fan of all the ingredients in many of the supplements out there and was hoping to buy in bulk (creatine, beta alanine, etc). Unfortunately it seems a few of the largest sites have some serious quality control and fraud issues. 

Are there any reputable sites left that sell the individual supplements in bulk?",Best place to buy bulk workout supplements?
1166,prk248,nutrition,"I read a bunch of articles that say B12 is a common vitamin people are deficient in.

Let's say someone gets 120% of their RDI of B12 through diet by eating eggs, salmon, dairy, etc. 

Is the person still considered deficient? Would they still need to supplement with a vitamin supplement? Or would that intake likely not be bioavailable and the individual would still need to supplement with a vitamin?",Question about vitamin supplements
1167,priwk5,nutrition,"
They have 42 grams protein each and are only about 320 calories. I feel it’s a great way for me to get in the protein I need while shredding, but I’m concerned that it’s not healthy to be getting the majority of my protein from these shakes. 

What are your thoughts? Thanks!",Is there any issue with drinking 4 muscle milks per day?
1168,prgpdi,nutrition,"Some posts on this subreddit (and on r/keto too) say that it’s not needed for the body to have glucose or glycogen stores to be fully depleted in order to burn fat.

If someone goes out of ketosis by eating a big meal with high quantity of carbs (with an approximate estimated quantity of ~1200 Cals), after he eats, glucose and glycogen stores get replenished.

**Does the body continue to burn fat even if it has glucose and glycogen stores replenished? If yes (probably slower than when it is in ketosis), _how_ and _why_ does it happen since body prefers to burn glucose and glycogen stores when these are available?**",How does the body burn fat while burning calories when it is glycogen/glucose replenished?
1169,prgngq,nutrition,"
Some posts on this subreddit (and on r/keto too) say that it’s not needed for the body to have glucose or glycogen stores to be fully depleted in order to burn fat.

If someone goes out of ketosis by eating a big meal with high quantity of carbs (with an approximate estimated quantity of ~1200 Cals). After it’s been ate, glucose and glycogen stores are replenished.

**Does the body continue to burn fat even if it has glucose and glycogen stores replenished? If yes (probably slower than when it is in ketosis), _how_ and _why_ does it happen since body prefers to burn glucose and glycogen stores when these are available?**",How does the body burn fat while burning calories when it is glycogen/glucose replenished?
1170,prf2dr,nutrition,"https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMRVFngdy/



I usually trust this guy. Very positive, great physique so must know what he's talking about. This subject specifically peaked my interest because chubby cheeks lol.",Does sodium bloat your face? Factcheck needed. Video linked below.
1171,prdr0g,nutrition,"Is it true that companies are allowed to label their product as ""0"" calories when it actually has under 5?",Do zero calorie syrups have calories?
1172,prdqc8,nutrition,"Maybe a dopey question - and probably previously addressed (just can’t find it) - but is there some scientific explanation for metabolic shifts.  Like when you’re in a long-term calorie deficit and your metabolism slows down because your body “thinks” you’re starving and needs more to conserve energy (then you can’t upshift it again by pigging out once a week).  It makes sense, and does seem to work, but there must be some kind of explanation (other than your body “thinks” your starving).  Thanks😁",Question about metabolism:
1173,prdbil,nutrition,"I know RDA is set to meet needs of 98-99% healthy individuals, but it can also differ greatly per individual! Still I don't understand why some of these goals are set so high! For instance: magnesium RDA is 400mg. You would have to eat 56.25g of pumpkin seeds, which are richest in magnesium and drink like 1 mineral water to get magnesium RDA! Because from all other sources - you get basically nothing! With luck you get some from fortified foods and almost none from water... I doubt anyone is even close to magnesium RDA!!! I read body can hold magnesium, so maybe there is no need to meet daily 400mg, but why would they set goal to 400 then?! Given no one probably gets that much!

**TL:DR** I suffer from insomnia and I need magnesium for sleep: I wonder how much I need... I Am male 25.",Impossible to meet RDA goals?!
1174,prdao0,nutrition,"Anyone with some reading on history knows that we werent always eating what we do now. Even before modern times we spent thousands of years adapting to digest grains and dairy. Before that we spent millions of years adapting to a meat heavy diet. So what I am wondering is could the industrial diet be, counterintuitively, the diet of the future. Perhaps the healthiest people of the future will be those that adapt best to eating corn syrup, mcdonalds, fast food, white flour, etc. Just like the people that adapted succeeded in the agricultural revolution 10,000 years ago. Are we vegans, paleocarnivores, and tradnerds all clinging onto the past/romanticism by idolizing abstract or historical diet models? Maybe we need to give up and just eat fast food and adapt to the new way of life. Idk what do you guys think",Transhumanism and futurist/industrial diets
1175,prawvt,nutrition,"I am curious why people refer to these fruits as vegetables because they can be cooked. I can cook mangoes, peaches, apples, etc. Just thought I bring something fun to the table.","Are eggplants, pumpkins, bell peppers, tomatoes, and cucumbers fruits?"
1176,pra27z,nutrition,I no longer know what is healthy anymore. Some people say all animal products are bad. Some people say all grains are bad. Some people say sugar is the heart killer. Some people say it’s fat. I don’t know what to believe. Seems like the only things people agree are healthy are fruits and veggies. All I wanna know is what foods are good and bad for physiological and cognitive performance but I can’t get a straight answer.,Vegan Documentaries have ruined me
1177,pr8x76,nutrition,"Bonjour friends,

I know when you cook spinach using a method such as boiling, you can degrade it’s nutritional content. I assume this is the case because some of the nutrition permeates into the water that is drained away and not consumed.

I was making Dahl today and added quite a lot of spinach and let it cook for 30 mins in the pot. My thinking was that since the liquid and spinach is going to remain in the pot, the nutritional content is largely unchanged. 

Is this correct? Please enlighten me. 

Xx",Does cooking spinach/leafy greens in a pot decrease it’s nutritional content?
1178,pr3zju,nutrition," 

# Here's why I believe that cholesterol is implicated in the etiology of heart disease

📷

I often see articles or post by people who are skeptic that dietary cholesterol and serum cholesterol play an important role in the initiation and progression of coronary artery diseases. Here’s why I believe that dietary cholesterol and high serum cholesterol do increase cardiovascular risk, hoping we can have a healthy discussion about this issue.

First, I want to address two popular claims.

First claim which comes in many variations

&gt;Cholesterol is essential for health ergo you need it

This claim actually implies that somehow it would be possible to have no cholesterol, and that this is what some people are recommending. The irony here is that these same people are always repeating that the body makes all the cholesterol it needs (when saying that dietary cholesterol has no impact on serum cholesterol). So why would it matter to eat zero cholesterol?

It also implies, as done by many people, that since it is essential to life, it is not possible to have too much of it and you should not care about hypercholesterolemia.

I hope anyone here can see the absurdity of that claim. No one is claiming that cholesterol is not essential to life. What is being claimed is that supra-physiological level of cholesterol is a problem, in the same way that supra-physiological level of glucose is problematic, and in the same way as supra-physiological level of iron is problematic, both of which are also essential to life.

That kind of binary, black and white thinking should be a big red flag right of the start.

Another important claim to get out of the way

&gt;Low-cholesterol actually *increases* mortality

There is actually very little evidences for that claim, and many evidences showing the contrary, and this claim is usually done using very weak ecological data, such as this [one](http://perfecthealthdiet.com/2011/06/blood-lipids-and-infectious-disease-part-i/).

Just take a look at this graph and it’s obvious what’s going on : people that die the most of CHD on this graph are all from poor countries, with little access to good medical care, whereas people that die less from CHD are all from rich countries with top medical care such as Japan, Canada, Switzerland, Danemark… etc etc. Don’t let that kind of weak data confuse you.

First, there is a well known reverse-causation when it comes to low-cholesterol and mortality, ie, many diseases actually cause cholesterol to go down, which could make it seems like low-cholesterol is linked to mortality. Here are references for this [1](http://circ.ahajournals.org/content/92/9/2396), [2](http://circ.ahajournals.org/content/92/9/2365).

There is [little evidences](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17697899) that lowering LDL-c increases non-CHD related mortality.

Also, there are evidences that people with low-cholesterol level throughout life actually have increased lifespan. [1](http://jamanetwork.com/journals/jama/fullarticle/192897), [2](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0026049597900044)

Now, let’s get down to the matter : why do I believe that cholesterol is implicated in the initiation and progression of artery diseases?

There are multiple lines of evidences for this, going back as far as the early 1900’s.

**Line of evidence #1 : Cholesterol feeding in animal model (including herbivores, omnivores and carnivores) consistently lead to narrowing of the arteries.**

It all started when [one researcher](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1764970/) fed rabbit a diet rich in cholesterol and realized they were quickly developing atheroma.

One critic that cholesterol-skeptic like to make is that this can be discarded since rabbit are herbivorous and are not well adapted to a high-cholesterol diet. Well, since then, these same results have been replicated in herbivores, omnivores, carnivores, and many primates species. [1](http://atvb.ahajournals.org/content/26/2/242.full), [2](http://scialert.net/abstract/?doi=ijps.2004.671.684), [3](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/0021915073900257), [4](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/0021915074900409),[5](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/9389784),[6](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1903425/) Cholesterol feeding then become, in animal research the *sine qua non*, which mean essential condition, to induce atherosclerosis. This is all very well accepted within the scientific community, there are no doubt about this relation and the efficacy of high-cholesterol feeding to induce atherosclerosis. In comparison, sucrose has never been shown experimentally to be able to induce atherosclerosis in the absence of cholesterol in the diet.

And this point is actually of high importance because dietary cholesterol is probably more strongly linked to cardiovascular risk than serum cholesterol. In [animal model](http://circres.ahajournals.org/content/circresaha/34/4/447.full.pdf), it was possible to induce atherosclerosis with a low-supplemented cholesterol diet, even if the serum cholesterol did not raise much.

As the authors note

&gt;This study was focused on changes in the arterial intima of a nonhuman primate after administration of dietary cholesterol at levels far below those used conventionally to induce experimental atherosclerosis. The intimal changes observed were correspondingly much smaller. The regimen for group 1 was originally designed to demonstrate a null point of the effect of dietary cholesterol on the arterial intima. However, such a point was not found; no threshold for dietary cholesterol was established with respect to a putatively adverse effect on arteries.

Meaning that any amount of cholesterol above zero was increasing plaque buildups.

This point is important to consider and remember.

**Line of evidence #2 : People with genetic polymorphisms that have genetically low-cholesterol level have a decreased risk of cardiovascular disease**

Mendelian randomized studies are studies that looked at the effect of certain gene polymorphisms with a known effect on a given outcome. It makes it possible to avoid classic confounding factor problems in epidemiological studies.

There are many genes that are linked to low-cholesterol level. Many mendelian studies have found that people with such genes suffer far less from CHD. [1](http://www.onlinejacc.org/content/60/25/2631), [2](http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa054013#t=abstract), [3](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25770315).

&gt;All 9 polymorphisms were associated with a highly consistent reduction in the risk of CHD per unit lower LDL-C, with no evidence of heterogeneity of effect (I2 = 0.0%). In a meta-analysis combining nonoverlapping data from 312,321 participants, naturally random allocation to long-term exposure to lower LDL-C was associated with a 54.5% (95% confidence interval: 48.8% to 59.5%) reduction in the risk of CHD for each mmol/l (38.7 mg/dl) lower LDL-C. This represents a 3-fold greater reduction in the risk of CHD per unit lower LDL-C than that observed during treatment with a statin started later in life (p = 8.43 × 10−19). [1](http://www.onlinejacc.org/content/60/25/2631)

**Line of evidence #3 : Drugs and other lifestyle intervention that reduce cholesterol consistently reduce cardiovascular incidences and mortality**

Statins and other drugs that decrease cholesterol by differing mechanisms consistently show decreased CHD incidences and mortality [1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2645847/), [2](http://jamanetwork.com/journals/jama/article-abstract/2556125). Some people have critic statins by saying that they have pleiotropic effects, which is true. But there are some other means of reducing LDL-cholesterol that have no known pleiotropic effect and that still results in reduced CHD risk.

LDL-apheresis is the process of filtrating the LDL-c molecule of the blood of patient. It’s mainly used in people with FH (see below). This process, which usually result in a large decrease in LDL-c level, also result in a large decrease in CHD risk for these individuals [1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/9874053).

&gt;LDL apheresis significantly reduced LDL cholesterol levels **from 7.42+/-1.73 to 3.13+/-0.80 mmol/L (58%)** compared with group taking drug therapy, from 6.03+/-1.32 to 4.32+/-1.53 mmol/L (28%). With Kaplan-Meier analyses of the coronary events including nonfatal myocardial infarction, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty, coronary artery bypass grafting, and death from CHD, **the rate of total coronary events was 72% lower in the LDL-apheresis group** (10%) than in drug therapy group (36%) (p=0.0088).

**Line of evidence #4: People with a genetic defect that suffer from very high cholesterol level (familial hypercholesterolemia) die very young of heart diseases. Decreasing cholesterol level in these individual greatly increase their survival odds.**

Familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) is a genetic defect that results in very high LDL-cholesterol in the blood.

Unfortunately for these people, their risk of suffering from a cardiovascular event is greatly increased [1](https://academic.oup.com/aje/article/160/5/421/74662/Familial-Hypercholesterolemia-and-Coronary-Heart).

&gt;The risk of fatal or nonfatal coronary heart disease by age 60 years was 52 percent for male and 31.8 percent for female relatives with FH compared with 12.7 percent and 9.1 percent for relatives without FH. [1](https://academic.oup.com/aje/article/160/5/421/74662/Familial-Hypercholesterolemia-and-Coronary-Heart)

**Line of evidence #5: Population studies consistently show that life-time exposure to high cholesterol level is associated with increased cardiovascular risk and mortality.**

Pretty self-explanatory. Epidemiological and population studies found a strong link between high serum cholesterol and CHD. [1](http://jamanetwork.com/journals/jama/article-abstract/389185)

So basically we have strong evidences that :

* Cholesterol feeding in animal (across many different species) causes atherosclerosis
* People with genetically low cholesterol level that die less of coronary heart disease
* People with genetically high cholesterol level that die very young of heart disease
* Drug and other lifestyle intervention that reduce cholesterol level decrease CHD risk
* Population studies that consistently show that people with high cholesterol level develop and suffer more from coronary artery diseases.

What other explanation than cholesterol could explain all those observations? What could be another connecting factors else than cholesterol for all of this?

Now, nobody here is saying that cholesterol is the *only* risk factors. Anything that increases injuries to the arterial wall and causes inflammation (high blood pressure, smoking, hyperglycemia, saturated fatty acid, infectious agent) will participate in the initiation and progression of the diseases, but it takes cholesterol and lipoproteins for the atherosclerosis plaque to form.

I hope this can lead to a healthy discussion about the issue, and that it can helps people understand why it matter to keep their cholesterol level within the normal range, which should be [under 150 mg/dl.](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0735109704007168)

The link between high cholesterol and coronary artery diseases is regarded by many as one of the most solid link in modern biomedical science.

If we were looking at the [Bradford-Hill criteria](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bradford_Hill_criteria) for establishing a causation, the high-cholesterol-CHD link is consistent will all of the 9 criteria, which makes it very likely that the causation is real.

To quote Jeremiah Stamler (one of the leading researchers on cardiovascular diseases of the 20th century) in his [criticism](http://ajcn.nutrition.org/content/91/3/497.full) (highly recommended) of the [2010 meta-analysis regarding SFAs and CHD](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20071648)

&gt;*In fact, the decisive dietary modification for experimental atherogenesis, the sine qua non or materia peccans (Anitschkow's term), is cholesterol ingestion. This has been the prerequisite since the 1908–1912 breakthrough by Anitschkow et al (a centennial anniversary meriting celebration and discussion) in thousands of experiments in mammalian and avian species—herbivorous, carnivorous, and omnivorous—including nonhuman primates.* ***To neglect this fact in a review about humans is to imply that the Darwinian foundation of biomedical research is invalid and/or that there is a body of substantial contrary evidence in humans. Neither is the case***  
&gt;  
&gt;  
&gt;  
&gt;Credit to  

[u/oehaut](https://www.reddit.com/user/oehaut/)",A brief overview why cholesterol (LDL) is implicated in the etiology of heart disease
1179,pr34ns,nutrition,I've been reading up on them and there are a few sources that go a tiny bit in depth and say that they may interfere with each other.,Do vitamin D and K supplements interact/interfere with the antibiotic Minocycline?
1180,pr2w5r,nutrition,"The daily recommended amount of calcium per day is 1300mg.  If you need to increase your intake of calcium, it seems that drinking 3 glasses of milk per day would be better than supplements (one glass contains 30% of the daily requirement).  Supplements elevate arterial calcification.  Outside of digestive discomfort for some, are there any circumstances for which supplements are better?",When are calcium supplements preferred over milk?
1181,pr2vs4,nutrition,"What are breakfast/lunches I can cook, under a $30 USD budget for two people?",Breakfast&amp;Lunch
1182,pr25q2,nutrition,"Let's say you gotta eat peanut  butter and a small number of other cheap sources of protein, what would complement peanut butter given that it's not a complete protein?",What food(s) would complement peanut butter to provide all amino acids?
1183,pr0mv8,nutrition,"Any time anyone asks a nuanced question here the answer is always “hurr durr better to eat vegetables than cake.”

I could just ask my mom most of these questions and get the same level of condescension and lack of information.",This is the stupidest sub.
1184,pqz6od,nutrition,"1. sweetener
2. flour alternative
3. snack
4. candy/dessert
5. fruit

Thanks!","Keto enthusiasts, what are some of your favorites for the following that is keto friendly:"
1185,pqx3al,nutrition," ""The decline in the diversity of our food, and the fact that so many foods have become endangered, didn’t happen by accident: it is an entirely human-made problem. The biggest loss of crop diversity came in the decades that followed the second world war when, in an attempt to save millions from starvation, crop scientists found ways to produce grains such as rice and wheat on a phenomenal scale. To grow the extra food the world desperately needed, thousands of traditional varieties were replaced by a small number of new super-productive ones. The strategy that ensured this – more agrochemicals, more irrigation, plus new genetics – came to be known as the “green revolution”. 

Read the whole article

[https://www.theguardian.com/books/2021/sep/17/are-we-eating-ourselves-to-extinction](https://www.theguardian.com/books/2021/sep/17/are-we-eating-ourselves-to-extinction)",Are we eating ourselves to extinction?
1186,pqwoou,nutrition,"I see many people going the extra mile sprouting their food and I'm wondering if there's any health benefits of doing that? I don't think soaking anything in water for a night would add any nutritional value to it, my guess would be probably for better digestion?",What is special about sprouted food?
1187,pqvg02,nutrition,"Hi, I'm trying to attain some knowledge on what healthy food is, and I'm wondering if there are any simple calculations that can be done based on the nutritional information provided on food labels to determine a level of healthiness for a certain food item? I'm thinking for example a protein to kcal ratio could possibly be useful?

By example here in Norway, nutritional information is usually labeled on food items as ""per 100g"", and contents include kj, kcal, proteins, sugars, saturated fat, unsaturated fat, karbohydrates, salt, etcetra. 

By intuition I would assume high in protein, low in kcal and karbohydrates would indicate a higher level of 'health', while high in kj/kcal, saturated fats and low in protein would typically label a food as 'more unhealthy'.

So, is there anything of the nutritional information that can be used in this regard?

What are some examples of healthy foods that can be indicated by their nutritional labels?

What really identifies ""healthy food"" on a nutritonal label? 

Are there any special ratios / relationships?

Thanks for any useful information.","Question: Food nutritional labels, how can they be used to identify 'healty foods' ?"
1188,pqtbil,nutrition,How would something lose nutrients from being frozen?,Are fresh veggies healthier than frozen ones? Why?
1189,pqt5ma,nutrition,"Fiber is important, but is one of the two types of fiber more important than the other? I’m trying to figure out the perfect balance to get the perfect poop",Is there an optimal ratio of soluble vs insoluble fiber?
1190,pqrw72,nutrition,Is it scientific fact that seamoss contains 92 of the body’s minerals?,Is Seamoss legit?
1191,pqqz89,nutrition,Just started taking a Nordic Natural daily gummy and I've noticed the daily amount is highly speculated. I want to make sure I'm not overdoing it with this amount on a daily basis,"Is 1,000 IUs daily too much vitamin D for a fair skinned person?"
1192,pqq3b1,nutrition,"I live in a dorm and hard to buy water everytime
Would you recommend Zero wator everyday ??",Would you recomment Zero water?
1193,pqq0rr,nutrition,"I got these seitan based wings from the supermarket, but I'm having some trouble figuring the nutrion facts label out.

Per 100grams, it claims to have 214kcal, 16g fats, 32.4g protein and 6.9g carbs. 

These should add up to around 301.2 kcal, which is very different than 214. The difference just seems too huge to be about rounding etc. 
Is there some logical explanation?",Nutrition facts label on these veg wings seems to be too wrong
1194,pqpmx0,nutrition,"What do you people think about oil pulling ?

It's written in ayurveda (An ancient scripture in INDIA) that it is used to remove toxins from body.

Anybody did this and saw any benefits ?

Thanks :)",Oil pulling according to Ayurveda
1195,pqpdzk,nutrition,"I currently have an average-intake of sugar that comes mainly from alot of fruit and sometimes processed, supermarket bought foods. What kind of changes will I experience a reduction in these sugars if only intake sugar through carbohydrate intake?",How will a drastic reduction in sugar affect the body?
1196,pqmxmc,nutrition,for instance a seed like pumpkin seeds or sunflower seeds have 20g of omega 6 per 100g. is it safe to eat like 300g per day resulting in 60g of omega 6?,"If the omega 3:6 ratio was controlled, is there any danger from eating 60-80g of omega 6 per day from seeds?"
1197,pqj20g,nutrition,Source: google  [protein in oatmeal - Google Search](https://www.google.com/search?q=protein+in+oatmeal&amp;ei=CqtFYeqLF6O3gweW_6foCg&amp;oq=protein+in+oatmeal&amp;gs_lcp=Cgxnd3Mtd2l6LXNlcnAQAzIGCAAQBxAeMgYIABAHEB4yBggAEAcQHjIGCAAQBxAeMgYIABAHEB4yBggAEAcQHjIGCAAQBxAeMgYIABAHEB4yBggAEAcQHjIGCAAQBxAeMggIABCABBCLAzIICAAQgAQQiwM6BwgAEEcQsAM6BwgAELADEEM6CQgAEAcQHhCLA0oECEEYAFD0cViyeWD9emgCcAJ4AIABjQGIAYUIkgEDMC44mAEAoAEByAEMuAEDwAEB&amp;sclient=gws-wiz-serp&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjquPzolIjzAhWj2-AKHZb_Ca0Q4dUDCA4&amp;uact=5),"Why does oatmeal contain 2.4g/100g of protein, while instant oatmeal 16g/100g?"
1199,pqi9j2,nutrition,"I’m watching season 7 of Alone and it seems gain access to fat is the primary driver. Even with 100lbs of meat safe and sound in a log box a contestant damn near killed himself trying to catch a fish cuz he considered fat so valuable. 

Earlier in the season the same contestant hoarded a massive trove of wild berries. So I’m just curious why berries and lean meat wasn’t enough? Maybe he had fewer berries than I thought, but I feel like your body could just turn the carbs into energy and fat if you had enough of em.",A question on fat.
1200,pqhyp5,nutrition," Purchased om ACV from Amazon and the base of the product looks chock full of swirly material/fibres/strands.

I  have been consuming the ACV diluted in water for the past 5 days and  the only change I've noticed is a ravenous increase in appetite. The hypochondriac in me is worried these represent nutrition sucking worms.

[https://i.imgur.com/qn83BSe.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/qn83BSe.jpg)",Apple Cider Vinegar - is this normal?
1201,pqgrc9,nutrition,Reputable sources only please. I want to know about the actual manufacturing process - how does it go from petroleum oil to a food coloring. Thank you.,How are artificial food dyes like Red 40 and others made? Been half an hour and I can't get a straight answer from YT or Google.
1202,pqcorw,nutrition,Besides caffeine-containing beverages,"Energy boosting foods, drinks, or supplements?"
1203,pq9wr7,nutrition,I keep hearing that high protein diets (I am on one) are harmful for the kidneys. Is this true?,Are High protein diets harmful for the kidney? or is it a myth?
1204,pq8j44,nutrition,"I know that iron from animal products is more bio available than plant sources (heme?), but what are the best sources of calcium and dietary changes to prevent osteoporosis and osteopenia? (Not including lifestyle changes, although that is a HUGE factor). Oh, and I would love sources too please. I love reading the technical jargon. :)",What is the best bio available source of calcium? Is “Got Milk?” all a scam or is there some science behind it?
1205,pq7s74,nutrition,"From 40g of sunflower seeds and 40g of peanuts, [here is the total Omega 6.](https://i.imgur.com/xaHDzZ8.png)  

Is the solution to not eat sunflower seeds and peanuts?","I've heard that PUFAs are ""bad"" (ex: vegetable oil). Is getting 15.5g of Omega 6 from sunflower seeds and peanuts, then, bad for you?"
1206,pq7kwa,nutrition,"Can a person have too much fiber? I’ve been eating the same thing for lunch for about a week now, it’s a meal prep of cauliflower rice, black beans, corn and tomatoes inside a whole wheat wrap. Before now i was having a turkey sandwich every day for lunch so it’s a big change. Every other habit is the same, i go to the gym 3x a week and am pretty active, i don’t eat too much junk. But recently the scale says i gained almost 3 pounds since last week :( wtf",Too much fiber?
1207,pq6qh6,nutrition,"This is really interesting to me.  
  
I've seen an interview with a man, James Nestor I think is his name, who said that our physiology is changing because of the invention and popularization of processed foods, which makes the jaw muscles more atrophied than before. He says our mouths are actually getting smaller because of the softer foods, and that's why we have to take out wisdom teeth, and also why our hard palates are shrinking, which causes breathing problems like sleep apnea.  
  
I don't have this problem. Dentists say I can keep all my wisdom teeth, and I don't have sleep apnea. Nevertheless, it interests me how we're changing based on our new diets collectively.  
  
That got me thinking about what people used to eat, and maybe it's better for quality of life to change diets back to what our ancestors used to eat (like a Paleo diet). But then again, wouldn't it have varied quite a lot? For example, an ancient Mediterranean diet would not be the same as say, a Scandinavian diet.  
  
I've been interested in going back to my own heritage and seeing what they eat. For example, if I came from a specific region in Asia, or was a Native American, could I find out what they ate?  
  
I read an article where they found a permafrosted man in Siberia and he was so well preserved that they could see that he ate venison and also had parasites.  
  
I'm not only interested in my own, but other regions too, and how they're affected by the dietary changes of processed, cheap food.  
  
Is anyone else interested in this or have any info to share about it?","Really interested in ancient diets, what exactly we are evolved to eat, and different ancient diets on different parts of the globe"
1208,pq5us4,nutrition,"Nuts are an excellent way to get lots of great nutrition. Particularly cashews, almonds, walnuts, and brazil nuts. They are very high in minerals, especially magnesium, potassium, and in the case of brazil nuts, selenium. They also are loaded with protein, healthy fats and fiber.

What effect does mild or dark roasting have on the nutritional profile or nutritional bioavailability of these nuts?",Nuts are an excellent source of nutrition. Does roasting diminish any of this or improve any specific nutritional qualities or availablity?
1209,pq5sss,nutrition,"I like to have a single slice of processed meat once a week, is that harmful long-term?",Will a slice of ham week hurt me longterm?
1210,pq5gti,nutrition,"I've seen videos and studies showing the keto diet reducing cardiovascular disease, obesity, diabetes, etc. In which the videos almost always notate how sugars are, talking about insulin, cancer, and more. 

THEN...

I see the same type of video promoting studies showing how plant based, super low fat, whole food diet as the key to reducing CVD, obesity, diabetes, etc. Notating that high fat bacon butter diets are a short term fad blah blah blah. 

I see the same type of video promoting studies showing how plant-based, super low fat, whole food diet as the key to reducing CVD, obesity, diabetes, etc. Notating that high fat bacon butter diets are a short term fad blah blah blah. r for you to stick with? Or is there a clear winner, objectively?",Is there really more than ONE way to skin a cat? ONE ring (diet) to rule them all?
1211,pq41ud,nutrition,Hi! I am really bad about taking in fluid throughout the day. I just don't enjoy drinking beverages for reasons unbeknownst to me. Would there be any cons to choking down my 64 oz of fluid within the first 2-3 hours of my day to get it out of the way instead of spreading my fluids out throughout that day. Any knowledge or advice on the this would be greatly appreciated! Thanks in advance.,Question about fluid intake
1212,pq19le,nutrition,Not only talking about peanut oil (although is the only one i can think of) but also any nuts that when toasted can approach temps of 150°C...doesnt this make it toxic just like their oil version?,"Peanut oil at high-ish temp= trans fats and cancer, what about toasted peanuts?"
1213,ppzhbr,nutrition,"Is spraying olive oil a good choice for things like grilled cheese, fried eggs, etc? If not, what would be a healthy oil to use?",Best oil for pan frying
1214,ppx01q,nutrition,Are there any science based sources that touch on this question of the frequency/amount of meat to feed toddlers?,How much meat is good for toddlers?
1215,ppucve,nutrition,"I’m a guy , I don’t specifically know if certain seeds affect men and women differently . Anyone here has included more seeds in their life and noticed any changes ?",What are some of the healthiest seeds to consume ?
1216,ppql81,nutrition,Can you overdose on Vitamin K from 3 cups of cooked spinach?,"Error in Cronometer? Does 3 cups of cooked spinach contain 2,665.5 µg of Vitamin K?"
1217,pppfu7,nutrition,"The U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) reported today that 21 federal agencies work on 200 different programs to improve diet. But they have no strategy and the White House is MIA. 

[https://www.gao.gov/products/gao-21-593](https://www.gao.gov/products/gao-21-593)",Congressional Watchdog: Government Needs Strategy for Improving Americans' Diets
1218,ppngce,nutrition,White rice and white bread stripped of fiber during processing but if you add your own fiber in the form of salad would this have a similar effect of whole grain rice?,Does white rice/white bread mixed with salad equal wholegrain grain?
1219,ppl4qt,nutrition,"It might be a weird question but I'd read some articles saying that mixing some foods can have surprising negative effects.

Like some articles advise against combining any milk product with fruits and things like that.","Is there any problem with combining bran flakes with soy milk, blueberries, cinnamon, cocoa powder and maple syrup for a breakfast?"
1220,ppks1h,nutrition,"Not salsa, sriracha, soy or anything like that. 

I used to cook cream cheese sauces like with wild mushroom cheese or paprika cheese and lots of cream and all of my family loved it, but I've come to find out they are super unhealthy and very calorie dense, so I'd like to find some alternatives.

Maybe something with greek yoghurt or mustard? I'd love to hear your suggestions",What kind of healthier sauces to use with lamb or steak?
1221,ppki0t,nutrition,"Im wondering what happens to the body if you go from a normal diet. to only 600 calories a day and dont eat any vegetables or source of watersoulable vitamins.

&amp;#x200B;

Does this cause cortisol to rise and what else does happen to the body?",eating 600 calories a day after eating a normal diet. What happens?
1222,ppgf6l,nutrition,"Hi, I recently decided that I want to become a clinical dietician. I am currently a community college student taking basic chemistry, bio, anatomy etc 101 classes. I am seeking a textbook that I can study at home in my free time to begin learning this profession. Can someone recommend a book for me?",Best Introductory textbook for those aspiring to become dieticians?
1223,ppg912,nutrition,"It seems in my study of nutrition, there's two prominent schools of thought, both advocating for eating less processed or whole foods.

1) the plant-based school of thought, that lots of diseases are caused by eating too many animal products.  And when people cut out animal products completely, their diseases reverse.  (the most radical example is Kempner's work where he got people to reverse diabetes, kidney disease, hypertension, and heart failure by eating only white rice and fruits and sugar)

2) the ketosis or paleo style school of thought that argues about the benefits of a lot of good quality fat from animal products when they're pasture raised, and the skepticism about consuming grains or in some cases all carbohydrates.  And I've heard of a lot of people having benefits from a keto diet when they cut out carbs as much as possible, consuming calories of mostly fats from butter, eggs, and meat (it seems like there's some studies of it reversing heart failure and diabetes).

My wondering is that since it seems there are benefits from cutting out carbs completely or cutting out animal fats completely, is there something about those two things not mixing well together in our body?  Or is it just the over-processing of them that's making things unhealthy (like with cereal/milk, hamburgers, and pizza)?",Do carbohydrates not mix well with animal fats or something?
1224,ppez3j,nutrition,"# “The Mongols consumed a steady diet of meat, milk, yogurt, and other dairy products, and they fought men who lived on gruel made from various grains. The grain diet of the peasant warriors stunted their bones, rotted their teeth, and left them weak and prone to disease. In contrast, the poorest Mongol soldier ate mostly protein, thereby giving him strong teeth and bones.”

― **Jack Weatherford,** [**Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World**](https://www.goodreads.com/work/quotes/2468245)

&amp;#x200B;

Any thoughts? Should we eat more dairy and give up grains completely?",Found this quote about the Mongolian diet which was heavily based on dairy and protein
1225,ppewqp,nutrition,Very confused by this whole fructose thing….,Do fruits and honey contribute/lead to fatty liver?
1226,ppcz98,nutrition,"Yesterday I was reading about how the commonly stated idea that one can only absorb 30 g of protein per meal, before protein leaves the small intestine and can no longer be absorbed, is a myth.

But if it's a myth...that can only mean that protein can stay longer than common sources say so (6-8 hours) in the small intestine.

Say one eats 60 g of egg protein in one meal, which digests at around 3 g an hour. Would that protein stay in the small intestine for 20 hours, until it's all absorbed? Are there any studies looking at how much of a protein rich meal like this would be absorbed, and in how long?

If not, is there an upper limit to how long the protein would stay? Because if it indeed is only 6-8 hours, that would not only prove the 30 g per meal limit true, but actually make it an overstatement, as 3g per hour times 8 hours gives only a maximum of 24 grams absorbed. 

Thanks",How long can a protein rich meal stay in the small intestine?
1227,ppcjdn,nutrition," Some sources cite that D3 and K2 work best when taken at the same time (should be taken at the same time) but other sources say the opposite.

It's quite confusing at the point. Which opinion is the correct one?",Combine Vitamin D3 and Vitamin K2 or separate?
1228,ppc84n,nutrition,"Stumble upon this but I prefer to verify if indeed spinach is not a good source of iron compared to meat. For it's not well absorbed by our body. 

https://postimg.cc/xNVwvD1p",Spinach a poor choice of iron compared to meat?
1229,ppc3t5,nutrition,"Stumble upon this but I prefer to verify if indeed spinach is not a good source of protein compared to meat. For it's not well absorbed by our body. 

https://postimg.cc/xNVwvD1p",Spinach a poor choice for protein compared to meat?
1230,ppbsgy,nutrition,"Stumble upon this but I prefer to verify 

https://postimg.cc/xNVwvD1p",Dang it. Is this true?
1231,pp9q2k,nutrition," Not trying to start a debate or argument, just genuinely curious. I was vegan for roughly 3 years and noticed a lot of effects from my strict diet. That makes me wonder if people in vegan cultures (Buddhism, Indian culture, hippy communes etc.) tend to report similar side effects that can be directly correlated to deficiencies common with vegan diets.",Do people who live in cultures where it's required to be vegan have a higher percentage of reported correlated health effects?
1232,pp8ak8,nutrition,"I just saw something on the internet that is called the „carb cycling“. That means on days, where you do a heavy workout you eat in a 10% surplus and get 50% of your daily calories from carbs. On your rest days, you also eat in a 10% calorie surplus but you only take 25% of your daily calories as carbs. 
This method seems to build muscles and burn fat, any opinions on that?",Eating habit to build muscles and burn fat at the same time?
1233,pp76ct,nutrition,Any recommendations for the best men’s (20-45 years) daily multivitamin?,Best Men’s Multivitamin?
1234,pp74r9,nutrition,"Any thoughts on this “protein” drink? I am very skeptical to see it considering it has a really high protein proportion and also tasted pretty good. Are these nutrition facts legit/is the protein legit? Would appreciate any thoughts. 

Also, I heard it it owned by Coca Cola so I am skeptical of their quality already. Thanks.",Fairlife Core Power—is it legit?
1235,pp6qre,nutrition,I get really hungry and it's hard to sleep.,What are the best before bed snacks?
1236,pp4w38,nutrition,"As a broke college student, I’ve been trying to donate plasma to make some extra money but my hematocrit is always right below the bottom threshold. I’ve already been taking a high dose iron supplement with a vitamin C supplement (1-2 doses a day of both). Are there any other hidden tricks to raising hematocrit besides red meat?",How to raise hematocrit
1237,pp1o43,nutrition,Who here takes Barley Grass Powder and what is the purpose of taking it.,Barley Grass Powder
1238,pozd00,nutrition,"I want to buy some legitimate fish oil supplements, and I want to be sure that the oil is not significantly oxidized and that it doesn't contain high levels of mercury. Are there any manufacturers who publish that kind of data on their product?",Looking for a fish oil supplier that tests and publishes data on oxidation levels and mercury in their product.
1239,pox3ov,nutrition,"There are a few foods that I am having trouble finding reliable nutrition information for (examples include Murasaki/Japanese sweet potatoes and purple sweet potatoes). Basically all sources I've found are either blogspam type websites or crowd-sourced nutrition data websites that provide nutrition data with no official citation. In some cases the distributor provides nutritional data but it has changed over time when the underlying item seemingly has not, leading me to question the accuracy of the information in the first place.

I know that labs with bomb calorimeters are used to determine nutritional information, but what is the feasibility of an individual sending in a sample of an item for analysis? Is a single sample typically representative of the item as a whole, or are many samples required?",bomb calorimeter question
1240,pov7pc,nutrition,"if one drinks 2L of diet soda per day, how much does that count into their hydration?",Hydratation through soda
1241,poul3n,nutrition,"Why would anybody take a single vitamin supplement and not just a multivitamin? A multivitamin contains most if not all relevant minerals and vitamins. Why would someone go out of their way to take magnesium, vitamin k, vit a, etc separately.

Sorry if this has already been asked, couldnt find it, and sorry if this is a dumb question. Thanks.",Multivitamins Vs single vitamin supplements
1242,potgmx,nutrition,I’m thinking about getting it but I don’t know if it’ll be worth it? Has anyone have it?,Is lifesum premium worth it?
1243,pot6ac,nutrition,Just generally curious.,What's foods do people usually think is unhealthy but is actually good for you?
1244,pos19c,nutrition,"Besides a protein shake or a smoothie, what are some other ways to take creatine? I tend to forget to take it on my off days because I don't like how it tastes with water (a reality I may soon have to get used to) and I don't really drink juice. 

Any suggestions outside of a smoothie or protein shake?",Best ways to take creatine?
1245,pory0u,nutrition,Does this make sense? Or does one really want to focus on all three to build muscle?,Can one build muscles by focusing on protein intake and not increasing carbohydrate and fat intake ?
1246,poqis0,nutrition,"(f 16) ive recently stopped being vegan (in the past 3 months or so) and ive been eating fish everyday. i absolutely love it and i feel much better after eating it, but is everyday too much? i don't think im going to stop, just wondering about the health benefits and negatives of this :)",too much fish?????
1247,poqdek,nutrition,Is 21 days long enough to drastically reduce sodium tolerance?,Is 21 days long enough to drastically reduce sodium tolerance?
1248,popjtn,nutrition,I've gotten so used to high sodium foods that I barely taste it until it's too much. I'm wondering how long it will take to reduce it without everything tasting under-salted.,Is 21 days long enough to drastically reduce sodium tolerance?
1249,ponz4d,nutrition,"Hi! I've had a crashed metabolism for awhile now due to me eating very little throughout the days and weight lifting hard. I am finally on a streak now, and eating 2500 calories each day! I'm so fucking ecstatic about it.  


How long would this take til this is just my normal calorie intake?",How long does it take for a calorie plan to become your maintenance?
1250,pombtq,nutrition,"[https://www.consumerlab.com/reviews/fish-oil-supplements-review/omega3/](https://www.consumerlab.com/reviews/fish-oil-supplements-review/omega3/)

&amp;#x200B;

you have to pay to see it :(",Does anyone have an account with ConsumerLab that can look at the full report of Omega 3 supplements?
1251,pokejd,nutrition,"Eat a balanced diet in a calorie deficit to lose weight, and no matter what, please don't fall into the trap of a magical 3-day/ 5-day diet plan. 

 [https://www.healthdoses.com/crash-dieting-for-weight-loss/](https://www.healthdoses.com/crash-dieting-for-weight-loss/?fbclid=IwAR3i7bNjBhbJD8wiYmm10HWyzJtTsCgymlmNcdK1rjbSWVR5Zy9N-M5mqy8)",Never do crash dieting
1252,pojrvv,nutrition,"Hey guys, I am interested in reading books about nutrition. I was wondering if you have any suggestions for books regarding nutrition, nutrient processes and such?",Books about nutrition
1253,pojgvw,nutrition,Title. I’ve looked for hours and can’t find an answer.,"I can’t find this answer anywhere. On average, how long does the body take to convert Protein into Glucose?"
1254,poh3ny,nutrition,"I was wondering what people's thoughts were on keeping a food journal and tracking what you eat in a day in a completely neutral way. No calorie counting at all, but literally just mentioning what meals/snacks you eat everyday. Someone I know claims to have lost weight doing so (and gaining control over their bad eating habits) so I was wondering what people had to say about that.",Food Journal To Help Increase Healthy Eating Habits?
1255,poekbp,nutrition,"Im trying to recover from long haul which is supposed to be caused by inflammation so im interested in using turmeric. Ive found varying recommendations and claims about how much to consume or how high the curcumin contents are. The recommended dosage for curcumin is between 500-3000mg. Googling how much curcumin turmeric powder contains tells me 2-3%, but recommendations mostly are to take around 1-2 teaspoons or 2-3g. This is nowhere near the recommended curcumin dosage. Same recommendation for fresh turmeric root, 2-3g a day, which seems odd because surely dried powder should be higher concentrated? I just ate around 20g of turmeric root, which did not seem much when used in a meal. Is this safe to do daily? Since it seems that most people consume around 3g which is an inch, and i took like a whole finger of it.",Eating turmeric for health benefits
1256,podn13,nutrition,"Out of curiosity, lets say there are 2 people who are the same gender, height, etc. One weighs 150 pounds (healthy) and is in a caloric deficit, and the other person weighs 180 pounds (unhealthy) and in a caloric deficit… will the person who weighs 180 pounds feel less hungry due to his/her reserves of fat being used as energy? How would that work?",Appetite in calorie deficit while healthy vs overweight…
1257,podlnq,nutrition,"Out of curiosity, lets say there are 2 people who are the same gender, height, etc. One weighs 150 pounds (healthy) and is in a caloric deficit, and the other person weighs 180 pounds (unhealthy) and in a caloric deficit… will the person who weights 180 pounds feel less hungry due to his/her reserves of fat being used as energy? How would that work?",Appetite while overweight vs healthy weight…
1258,po9lnt,nutrition,"Ok so I’m curious about opinions on Naked juice. I know it has gotten some backlash for not being healthy (high in sugar). I noticed that the sugar is naturally occurring which just makes me interested in opinions on its “healthiness.” And, to be honest, I find them pretty tasty.

This is definitely not replacing fruit or breakfast for me. It’s more of a snack or treat once in a blue moon (only drink half kind of thing)…. What’s your opinion?",Naked Juice - what do you think?
1259,po6cm7,nutrition,"Hello everyone! I'm writing an article on a number of issues within the esports industry and one of those is nutrition for esports players. I'm looking for a registered dietician to sit for an interview on this subject. Reddit is amazing so hopefully there are some RDs that follow this sub.

Experience in the esports field is helpful but not required.

Anyone else with helpful info and/or articles can comment and let me know! If any RDs want to do the interview please DM me.",Nutrition for Esports Article
1260,po43rt,nutrition,"I can think of:

\-Almonds

\-Carrots

\-Apple (depends how healthy you think apples are on a daily basis)","For those who eat small meals throughout the day, what are your go-to snacks that travel well, don't perish quickly, and work as healthy alternatives to junky stuff like chips, snack bars, etc"
1261,po1ay3,nutrition,"Newbie here,
Just got my first protein powder from Myprotein. I noticed a scale from 10, 20... 70 inside the scoop and I am confused what it's referring to?",What's the 10 - 70 grading in my Protein Scoop?
1262,pnzkch,nutrition,"Both in heart, soul and bottom?",Does kefir make you a better gay?
1263,pnzauy,nutrition,"I'm interested to know everyones opinions on sports supplementation. I don't mean protein powders and pre workouts, but creatine, CoQ10, magnesium, etc. 

&amp;#x200B;

I've heard so many conflicting opinions on whether or not these kind of supplements have any role in sports medicine, so would be interested from a nutritionist's perspective. 

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks!",Sports supplementation?
1264,pnx150,nutrition,"Tried finding commonality with online recipes but not finding much. I'm looking for the ""just right"" amount of cooked rice and beans in a dish. Is it 1:1? More/less in favour of beans?","What's the ""optimal"" bean-to-rice ratio for complete proteins?"
1265,pnwu91,nutrition,"Sorry if the “Give me info” is negative but I would love some information on how healthy and nutritional they are compared to each other when I looked at the health star rating here in Australia they were 2,2 and 3 could some people fill me in on the differences between these products?

-Much appreciated",Give me nutritional information on coco pops rice bubbles and fruit loops
1266,pns8ax,nutrition,"I'm a bit confused on resistant starches. I know resistant starch has less calories than regular starch, and I know that resistant starch builds when food is cooked and then completely cooled (as well as when it's totally raw?). So if you have a cooked sweet potato that's cooled, does it have less calories than when it's freshly cooked and hot?

I think I read that here once in a comment, but I am kind of confused on how that works. When I google, I basically just get told that resistant starch has less calories but not much about what actually happens to the caloric content of food during this process.

Also, while Im here - how cool is ""fully cooled""? room temp? fridge cold?","Do fully cooled foods with resistant starch (e.g. sweet potato, oats) have less calorie content?"
1267,pnrnb3,nutrition,Hey guys! Idk if this is the correct sub for this subject. But i recently started to workout and i’m searching for some protein powders with good reviews and tasty flavors. More info is much appreciated thank you!!,Protein powders
1268,pnqkpq,nutrition,"So I am on a journey to lose about 20 pounds. I watch My 600 Lb. Life and this is embarrassing to have to ask but…

Why can 600 pound people reduce their calorie intake to 900-1200 calories while as a 150 pound woman trying to get down to 130 pounds, I keep being told 1200 calories is too low? Just curious about the science behind it. I feel that a 600 pound person could eat more calories and still lose weight and that someone like me could eat much less without compromising my metabolism. I see the best results for weight loss on a 1200 calorie a day diet and feel good so I’m a little confused.",900-1200 Calories Not Healthy?
1269,pnon8x,nutrition,"In fact, why are brown variants of food better for us than their white counterparts?",Why is brown bread better than white bread?
1270,pnnfrl,nutrition,Getting into eating wheat bran for fiber. Just wondering if I should be just adding it straight to my meals or should I be soaking it in water overnight first? How do you soak it if it is supposed to be soaked? Thanks.,Fiber- Should you be soaking wheat bran overnight before eating?
1271,pnm7c8,nutrition,Hey people! I am having a hard time hitting my protein goal for the day. Seems to be i have no problem hitting my carb and fats. I’m out of options on what to do. I eat high protein foods and I’ve been drinking protein shakes to get those extra numbers but I’m still having trouble. Usually at the end of the day i still need at least 100g more for my goal. Wondering if any of you have any tips for how you hit yours daily? Anything helps!,Not hitting my protein goal
1272,pnlpbx,nutrition,"i got only 11 grams of iron out of 100 grams
i made sure to make my intake today as healthy and nutritious as possible but i still lack iron is that normal?

i had 2 eggs and 30 g of oats and a can of tuna with salad for breakfast 
chicken and pasta for dinner

how does that not enough to fulfill my iron daily needs?",i tried to track what i consumed today and i was shocked by how small the amount of iron in my intake
1273,pnkn1u,nutrition,"And maybe your answer to that is ""no dessert"" but for everyone else, I'd be curious.","Since most of this sub advocates zero added sugar and no sweets, what is your go to ""healthy"" dessert?"
1274,pnk9q8,nutrition,"What is the dealing with these? They seem to be popping up everywhere. How does Collagen protein compare to classics like whey, casein, and egg? How does it compare to those for recovery and muscle synthesis? Will it help my 30 old knees feel young again?",Collagen/ Collagen Peptides
1275,pnjvfx,nutrition,"If this is actually the maximum amount they recommend not going over, how is a sweet potato or carrots good for you? 1 sweet potato contains around roughly 20,000 IU and just 2 FL oz of carrot juice gives you over 11,000 IU. What am I missing?","Harvard says max Vitamin A per day is only 10,000 IU"
1276,pnjrph,nutrition,"1. How safe is it to drink like 3-5 mugs of caffeine free herbal tea every day, assuming you aren't drinking the same exact type every day like, IE: 5 cups of chamomile every day.  
2. A lot of people randomly get hungry sometimes and need to snack.  Like between lunch and dinner, say.  What are some healthy snacks that could fill that kind of nutritional void?
3. How bad is it to drink one small cup of black coffee each morning?  
4. A lot of people here are advocating zero added sugar, zero candy, zero sweets diets.  I think that's great, but for those of us who are freaking addicted to ice cream, chocolate, etc.... For people who do this, do you just not eat dessert? Do you have a ""healthy"" dessert?
5. What would you guys say are the ""EAT LOTS OF"" vegetables and the ""NOT QUITE AS HEALTHY"" vegetables?",I'm new to the sub and have a few general nutrition questions
1277,pnhcwy,nutrition,"I’m 11 and I’m a basketball player , my dad is 5’9 and my mom is 5’5. But my grandpa on my dad side is 5’11 and grandma is 5’9.5. And my moms dad is 6’1 and gma is 5’5. I was wondering what foods would just give me the best shot to reach my highest potential of growth. I know it’s all genetics though",Best nutrition to reach maximum height
1278,pngsl7,nutrition,Anyone knows vegetables high in biotin?,Biotin in vegetables
1279,pnf7qo,nutrition,"A serving of two oysters can cover 100% of zinc requirements. However, mussels and clams are other types of bivalves that I don’t see included so often in the lists of foods high in zinc. How do they compare to oysters nutritionally? Are oysters superior?",How rich in zinc are mussels and clams compared to oysters?
1280,pndhs6,nutrition,I literally can't find any sources which are high in MUFA's with PUFA's only being less than 15% of the fat,Are there any plant-based fat sources high in MUFA's and low in PUFA's besides avocado?
1281,pnc4fs,nutrition,Red lentil nutrition fact pls help,Can someone tell me how much calories/protein is in red lentils i tried Googling it but every source has different answers and I'm really confused i don't know what to believe and which one tl trust.
1282,pnax9h,nutrition,Hello all! What are some of the best foods that have anti inflammatory properties as well as helping blood circulation? Would love to hear some diet recommendations and even recipes if you have em! Thanks!,What are the ultimate anti inflammatory foods/diets!
1283,pna8st,nutrition,"Zinc sulphate (5mg) from Vit C and Zinc 

Zinc Citrate, Picolinate, Amino acid chelate complex (15mg combined) from zinc supplement (this has Vit B-6 as Pyrodoxine HCI of 20mg too)",Will it be safe to take Vit C + Zinc and an additional zinc supplement?
1284,pn9iho,nutrition,"Hello all! Looking for some of the best foods to help fight inflammation and help blood circulation. I am currently dealing with a viral infection that has inflamed some parts of my body (arms, abdomen and back).My dad is also getting hip replacement surgery so figured we’d both go on a little anti inflammatory type diet to help us both out with inflammation and blood circulation. Would love to hear some foods to help combat this, as well as help with blood circulation. We both love fruit! Thanks all 🙏🏼",What are the ultimate foods to help reduce inflammation + improve blood circulation?
1285,pn97le,nutrition,Is there a subreddit where someone could go for advice on nutrition?,Where to find advice?
1287,pn7lqv,nutrition,"Can any recommend a good fiber sweetener syrup better than Vitafiber ?

&amp;#x200B;

I was going to buy VitaFiber (It's currently available in Canada) but I read in their review that they changed their receipt, it's went from 90% fiber to only 20% of fiber per serving (i.e. 3g of fiber out of 15g serving). I wasn't aware of this and I'm assuming the guy in the review is honest. I know amazon reviews sometimes are written by competitors posing as unsatisfied buyers.

Thanks",Can anyone recommend a good fiber sweetener syrup?
1288,pn7kq8,nutrition,"I made a low-fat chicken salad with nonfat Greek yogurt en leu of mayonnaise. The only sugar that was in it was a little honey. When I had my boyfriend try it he criticized me wanting to make a nonfat version, saying that full fat is healthier. His reasoning was that non-fat foods are “overly processed”. I agree with this when it comes to nonfat foods like nonfat cookies or nonfat foods loaded with sugar generally. When I asked him what processing of the nonfat yogurt he felt made it unhealthy he didn’t have a good answer, he just felt it took away the nutrients. 

Are all nonfat foods to be avoided, or is it just the highly processed, high sugar products?",Is all Nonfat Food Overly Processed?
1289,pn75kg,nutrition,"I just bought one, and it has a steamer. What would be best, nutrition-wise? I am a sedentary office worker.",Best vegetables in a rice cooker?
1290,pn5tdv,nutrition,"
Title basically 

I want something that can help with memory that can be found online and preferably is not too expensive. Thanks",Any study drugs that work well for memory retention
1291,pn2fgo,nutrition,"
For context, I was diagnosed with Celiac disease several years ago but never had any digestive issues (except being really underweight). I developed loose stools 2ish months after starting the GF diet and it hasn’t gone away. 

Is there any nutrition deficiency that may lead to loose stools on a gluten-free diet?",Loose stools 2 months after a gluten-free diet?
1292,pn19ek,nutrition,"Hello,
Hope everyone are doing good.
I was wondering if it’s good to start taking nutritional supplements once you cross 40. Sometimes we do not eat food that all has all the nutrients which are required. Any pointers please? Thank you!",Nutritional supplements
1293,pn10y8,nutrition,"I recently bought a green juice that specifically had no fruit base (often apple or pineapple are used to make green juices more tasty) so I was shocked to see that one relatively small bottle had 120 calories.  Based on the ingredients, I don’t see how it’s possible, would love to know what I’m missing.

The ingredients are: kale, parsley, dandelion, spinach, celery and cucumber.

Photo: https://imgur.com/a/pRdMh7Z

Where are all the calories coming from?",How can Celery Juice have same calories as a can of coke?
1294,pn0ue2,nutrition,"Hello,

I tested my Omega 6 and Omega 3 - the results were:  
ARA Omega-6/EPA Omega-3 ratio: 4.89 (range: 1.5 to 3.0, optimal=2)

Firstly,  I notice the test uses EPA as the Omega-3. I guess this excludes DHA. Can DHA be tested?

Secondly, my functional medicine doctor recommended [https://bodybio.co.uk/products/bodybio-balance-oil](https://bodybio.co.uk/products/bodybio-balance-oil) \- but looking at it after my appointment, I notice it has sunflower oil. I know sunflower oil oxidises when heated, and this product is cold pressed, so I think that's fine..

But also, I'm wondering why it's better to take an Omega6/Omega3 mix rather than just a high dose Omega-3, as it looks like I need to improve my ratio... any thoughts?",Omega 6:Omega 3 testing + Sunflower Oil Q
1295,pn0dwj,nutrition,"Ive heard that honey is an anti-inflammatory and anti-bacterial. I've also heard that it doesn't cause the insulin spike that white sugar does.

Is any of this true?",Are any of these claims about honey real?
1296,pmxt8a,nutrition,"Hi everyone, I made this outline for myself originally but would like to share it since it's not doing me much good sitting idly in my google docs. I made this diet outline based on food science and what has been actually proven to enhance your body's various systems (cognitive, gastrointestinal, etc.). I've done my best to derive nutrients from natural sources and to minimize the use of supplements as part of the diet. Any scrutiny is welcomed because I'd like to remove any pseudo-science from the diet, let alone spread it. Food suggestions for the different categories are appreciated too. I hope this helps as a simplified nutritional guideline for those overwhelmed with the amount of information on ""healthy"" diets out there. You can find a breakdown of the benefits of the different compounds and why they were chosen as categories in the first comment.

**“The more ingredients there are, the worse it is for you”**

Avoid processed foods, always opt for the whole grain option, eat fruits and vegetables and try to eat more vegetable-based protein and less animal protein. That's about it. It's cliché at this point, but food writer Michael Pollan's famous quote, ""Eat food, not too much, mostly plants,"" still applies here.

**Healthy foods:**

Probiotic Support (Kimchi, Sauerkraut, Olives, Yogurt, Emmental cheese, Cheddar, Parmesan, Romano, Provolone, Whole grains, Garlic, Kombucha, Kefir)

Omega 3s | Protein (Salmon, Cod, Mahi-mahi, Mackerel, Perch, Oysters, Rainbow trout, Sea bass, Tuna, Avocados, Chicken, Beef)

Flavonoids (&lt; 70% Cocoa, Onions, Parsley, Berries, Citrus, Black tea, Oolong tea, Green tea, Red wine)
Curcumin (Yellow curry spice)

Veggies (Green peas, Pinto beans, Kidney beans, Chickpeas, Corn, Spinach, Collard greens, Green beans, Asparagus, Brussels sprouts, Mushrooms, Potatoes, Broccoli, Kale, Zucchini, Carrots)

Fruits (Bananas, Strawberries, Apples, Mangos, Pomegranates, Pineapples, Watermelon, Cantaloupe, Grapefruits, Grapes, Pears, Plums, Peaches)

Fiber (Oats, Cereal, Lentils, Split peas, Artichokes, Almonds, Pistachios, Walnuts)


No:

Saturated fats (e.g. greasy food)
Trans fats (coffee creamer, margarine)
Refined carbs (processed bread)
High sugar / HFCS
Smoking

Supplement:
Omega 3s
Multivitamin
Curcumin",Science-Based Healthy Diet
1297,pmxqnp,nutrition,"How many grams of natural (fruit) sugar should I not exceed in consuming while reducing as much body fat as possible?

**Background**:


I know the difference between natural sugar (fruit) and added sugar (processed food).
AFAIK, different health organizations sources suggest to consume less than 25 grams of added sugar per day. Others suggest instead to consume added sugar within a limit of 38 grams per day.

I think both of these informations are reliable regarding _added_ sugar. When I can avoid it, it’s better though.


**Questions:**

1. My aim is to reduce as much fat as possible (getting around 10% of body fat). Maximally, how many **grams** of natural sugar should be consumed per day?
2. MyFitnessPal suggests me to stay below the 92 grams limit of sugars. Why? Is this suggestion reliable at all for my aim I’ve talked about in the last question?
3. Let’s say I make (for example) some peach juice with my electric juicer. Do the natural sugars of the juice affect my body just the same way the whole fruit (peach) does?",How many grams of natural (fruit) sugar shouldn’t be exceeded in consumption while reducing body fat as much as possible?
1299,pmxgfp,nutrition,"Is that allowed, to not have the nutrition facts on the honey bottle, but to have that statement above ^ ??","Staterbrothers Honey, “for nutritional information, write to the address below”"
1300,pmvlby,nutrition,"There's so much hype about coconut oil being a better alternative than other oils but some research says it's not at all. 

Where does it actually stand?",Is coconut oil actually good for you?
1301,pmt3dz,nutrition,"Not sure that is the right place to post this, but always wondered if other vital signs would be impacted by glucose level ?  
Anyone having monitored their blood glucose level and other vitals ?",Which vital signs correlate with glucose level ?
1302,pmswcw,nutrition,"I’ve noticed that my family that was born in Central America (and I believe this idea will apply with Asia, Africa, Europe, etc just not The USA) and later came to live in the USA (late teens to early 20’) are much healthier, compared to their children at the same age.

I think that with those very important 20 years,when the body is developing, being filled with whole foods and no processed junk does play a big part in causing those individuals to have a stronger nutritional health foundation.",Would living your first 20 years of life outside of the USA cause a stronger nutritional health foundation?
1303,pmptmj,nutrition,"Sorry if this has already been asked.. I'm wondering if adding sugar to an otherwise healthy meal would cancel out the health benefits of that meal.. would I still be getting the nutritional benefits of the specific ingredients in my meal, or would the increase in sugar have an effect on how that nutrition is processed?",Does sugar ruin health benefits in other food?
1304,pmoomb,nutrition,"I’m:

- skinny-fat 
- male 
- 155 pounds
- 5’7 
- ~25% body fat

Lost 40 pound of fat over a year period, but unfortunately seem to have lost a lot of muscle in the process. 

Recently started this plan: eating about 1600 kcal with a TDEE of about 2500, so a daily deficit of 900, with a theoretical 1.8 pounds weight loss weekly. 165g of protein daily to help with muscle maintenance. Strength training 40mins/day. 

I know many will see this as extreme but I’ve been at this deficit for some time now - alongside intermittent fasting - with no issues, now I’m incorporating the strength training and high protein diet. 

Plan to keep this diet and training for 2 months with hopes of greatly lowering my BF% while keeping my muscle mass relatively maintained. Considering I followed this plan, is this a possibility? How much of a BF% decrease can I expect?",Is it possible to maintain muscle mass while rapidly losing fat simultaneously?
1305,pmjs7s,nutrition,"Most of the popular ones like Hello Fresh, Blue Apron...etc don't really use high quality inrgedients. Are there any high end meal delivery prep services that use high quality organic ingredients? e.g. pasture raised eggs, wild caught salmon...etc",Are there any high end organic meal delivery services that meats the daily micros/macros?
1306,pmhxqn,nutrition,"Hey, I dunno if this breaks rule 5 or not, but I figure presenting it in a non personal way would help. 

A few years ago, I had two hair tests done, both from different companies. Both hair tests found that I had high levels of Calcium and Copper in my hair, but my other minerals were normal (though a bit deranged, but that's besides the point). Both had the same looking result for the copper and calcium, and I am bothered to this day why that could be.

Anyone know why copper can appear so high in hair like that? I know Hair tests are seen as ""quackery"" but I am just curious why copper can appear so high in hair along with calcium? I am just curious how this could be.",What can cause high copper levels in someone's hair?
1307,pmgf0a,nutrition,"and how is it made, anyone know?",is synthetic vanillin chemically exactly the same as the vanillin that is found in natural vanilla extract?
1308,pm9g42,nutrition,"I like to skim off calories when I can, and I really love chicken wings. There are dryer with this method, but they're still very good. I'm wondering how much is actually taken off when you par boil, pat dry, then air fry.",How many calories and fat are taken off with par boiling chicken?
1309,pm87d0,nutrition,"what effects could cheat days/weeks bring upon body composition? Because I know excess calories are stored as fat, but how does that work after introducing that excess after a deficit? Is it true that your metabolism speed up? Or is that a huge myth? Thanks for any help.",Cheat Day/Week Effects on Body Composition
1310,pm867p,nutrition,"I've heard that pesticides aren't only on the surface of food, but also on the inside, if that is true, how much is it? Is it a lot or is it so little that it won't affect your health?",Are pesticides really harmful or is it just a bunch of fear mongering?
1311,pm7t0s,nutrition,When I walk around almost every person I see is overweight. I feel like people should look leaner.,Isn’t it weird that most people are overweight in the US?
1312,pm7b4b,nutrition,Hi all - I usually weigh my food raw (chicken for example) but was wondering if I should actually be weighing it cooked for more accurate tracking. What do you all do and recommend?,Weigh food cook or raw?
1313,pm6fe3,nutrition,"Hi! 
Opinions and daily dosage advice re: omega 3 for fat loss (metabolism improvement) and DHA for inflamation over EHA? Pros cons etc?

Have read many articles n thoughts on these but cant make up my.mind. thanks!",Omega3 for metabolism?
1314,pm21f6,nutrition,"Reading briefly on what antioxidants are (on Wikipedia if I remember correctly) it sounds like you can have too much at a certain point. When does that point arrive? If one was to eat only the top 10 most antioxidant-rich foods their entire life, what kind of problems, if any, could pop up?",Can you have too much antioxidants?
1315,pm0qp1,nutrition,I've seen posts saying it has a lower mercury content and can be ate more often than something like tuna but am curious about how often. Is 24-36 ounces in one week too much?,How many ounces/times per week is it safe to eat salmon?
1316,plz770,nutrition,"I’m curious. There’s conflicting evidence everywhere. So here’s the case: the fall/winter season is coming, and there are so many recipes and foods I really, really love around this time of the year. I’m a bodybuilder but never really looked into the idea of cheat days because I’m very good with self control. But now I’m curious. I’ve been “dieting” (I quote it because I dieted to a new, current maintenance) since May, because it improves my energy and makes me feel better about myself. So if I take a cheat day this fall season, and possibly a cheat WEEK this winter season, what effects could this bring upon body composition? Because I know excess calories are stored as fat, but how does that work after introducing that excess after a deficit? Is it true that your metabolism speed up? Or is that a huge myth? Thanks for any help,",Cheat Week?/Days and Their Effect on Body Composition
1317,ply2yh,nutrition,"Food stores here sell brown rice, black rice, brown basmati rice and other varieties of rice, and they all cook in 10-15 minutes, since they're parboiled. Are these still considered whole grains and healthy eating choices?   
I understand that the regular types are more nutritious, but are the parboiled ones still a solid choice, kinda like how it is between steel-cut oats and rolled oats, where rolled oats cook in much less time than steel-cut while still being, even if less than steel-cut, highly nutritious?",Is parboiled brown rice considered a whole grain? Is it an healthy eating choice or should it be swapped for regular brown rice?
1318,plxncs,nutrition,"I got this information from this part of a video (speaker is Michael Greger):

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5FLp1YqPO4&amp;t=201s

Sorry (and this question is gonna sound kind of crude), but if this is true, along with the fact that vegans are recommended to get 50% more zinc than non-vegans ([source](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26502280/)) due to anti-nutrients in plant sources of zinc (meaning 16.5mg of zinc a day for males), how is a vegan man – without supplementing – supposed to get enough zinc from plant sources if they masturbate, say, 5 times a day? That would require getting ~30mg of zinc a day, assuming the ""50% more zinc"" rule does not apply to the 3mg of zinc lost per ejaculation. 

And, since zinc is important for testosterone production, what should vegan men who don't supplement and ejaculate frequently be recommended to do? This sounds like a stupid question, but, seriously, if someone is ejaculating 10+ times a day (50+ mg) and not supplementing, they're probably going to be zinc deficient if they're vegan ... or am I wrong?","Is it true that the male recommended daily intake for zinc (11mg) was calculated with the assumption that men ejaculate once a day, and 3mg more of zinc should be taken per additional ejaculation?"
1319,plxi45,nutrition,"Hey guys, I'm taking AP research and need to come up with a research question. I want to do a scientific experiment and was hoping to do something fitness related. The only problem is that i need to contribute something new to science or fill in a missing gap. Can anyone think of any gaps or missing knowledge in the science of fitness? I'm stuck and any ideas would be greatly appreciated.",Nutrition research ideas
1320,plut65,nutrition,"What's the worst the can happen to a child if they don't eat any vegetables or beans?  Or is a lot of child nutrition based on teaching children habits to eat healthy later on in life when it will matter (and when they're children, it doesn't really matter what they eat as long as they get the appropriate amount of calories and macronutrients)?  Is it possible there's an evolutionary reason why children don't like certain foods like certain vegetables?",How important is nutrition (specifically vegetables) for children?
1321,plsv5w,nutrition,"In other words, can a diet (i.e Keto) make one person gain fat % while making another lose fat %? Or is it more like Keto will basically make every one to lose fat %?

 (Considering the person in question is eating a ""regular"" 1800-2000 kal. diet)","In terms of body fat percentage can some diets be counter productive for some type of people? Specifically keto, high protein or paleo even"
1322,plr6ar,nutrition,"After reading too much... I came down to these 2.

I would like to hear others opinion. I might share my thoughts and feelings down the line, but for now I wouldn't want to 'contaminate' you with that. :)

So, which one would you choose assuming that your diet and lifestyle are balanced and that the money are not an issue ?",What would you choose between Ritual vitamins and Rootine vitamins ?
1323,plqqn4,nutrition,"Milk has some good and bad effects and the science is still not so clear, but what about greek yoghurt, it has less lactose but I'm not sure if milk is considered bad due to the lactose, or other things.","Milk is controversial, but what about (Greek) yoghurt?"
1324,plqkcw,nutrition,"Bacon calories are some of the most mysterious calories.

Obviously a lot of fat (and some water) are left over so that’s a chunk of calories right there you’re not consuming. Some brands say a serving size is “2 cooked slices” or “2 pan fried slices”. Which means they’re probably averaging the the fat loss that’s left in the pan. It’s all confusing.",Bacon calories are some of the most mysterious calories.
1325,plnt5u,nutrition,"With the end goal being to isolate the effect of ONE of these variables. So far I’ve got:

A) TIME of day
B) Amount of sleep
C) Acute level of stress experienced
D) Physical activity
E) Presence of fiber and protein in addition to the starch bolus

Is there anything else I’m overlooking? Thanks for your help!",What are the factors I should control for if comparing my blood glucose?
1326,plni6l,nutrition, [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHAXybRjpAk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHAXybRjpAk),"Best new fitness reality show of 2021, ALPHA QUEST Episode 1"
1327,pll0t8,nutrition,"If vitamin K is so important to take alongside vitamin D, why do doctors prescribe giant doses of vitamin D to deficient people without even mentioning vitamin K? This recently happened to me and my parents and we all have different doctors.",Why do doctors prescribe vitamin D without K?
1328,pli9ms,nutrition,"1) How much sodium do have on a typical day, 
2) How much did you used to have?
3) Why did it change?","How much sodium do have on a typical day, how much did you used to have, and why did it change?"
1329,pli350,nutrition,Exercise is essential too but I need some expertise from you guys regarding nutrition. Thanks.,"Guys, any suggestions on Nutrition for six pack abs and getting ripped?"
1331,plg9ob,nutrition,"I walk a lot at my job and a few years ago I heard about a pedometer that pays you for your steps/to walk, and forgot about it until one of my coworkers said something about it. I was wondering if anyone knows of a pedometer app or something that’s legit and actually pays real money for walking? Is it free? in-app purchases? Etc",Pedometer app that pays $ ???
1332,plg916,nutrition,"Hey all,

This morning I was giving myself a deep clean in the shower. Now I don't know if this was just a typical shower thought, or perhaps because I was quite literally surrounded by it at the time but I was thinking, since consuming drugs through your arsehole is no doubt the fastest way to get it into your system and to make the effects last longer, how about consuming water through our arseholes as well? Maybe just squirt some of that fine H20 up there and we might all feel like Superman? What are you thoughts/the facts on this?",A different method of water consumption.
1333,pld5xw,nutrition,"Maximum of that's basically the only source of fat you get besides, 3 Brazil nuts and MCT oil, and ten grams of fat from pea protein.",What's the maximum amount of olive oil I can drink in a day?
1334,plb8jz,nutrition,"I remember when I was on the high school swim team and the night before the boys invitational, there was a spaghetti dinner. The claim was that eating a meal ""loaded"" with carbs would be processed by your body in time for you to use that energy during the swim meet. Frankly, I didn't trust the coaches, and it seemed more like pseudoscience or an excuse to spend time together.

I am mostly skeptical because, from my understanding, carbohydrates are a short-term energy storing molecule, and fats/lipids generally provide long-lasting energy.

This has all got me thinking: how long do carbohydrates typicqlly take to be processed into usable energy? Would all the excess carbs get processed into body fat, or would we use some of those extra carbs be used during the meet? The spaghetti dinner was 20-22 hours before the invitational, so I am guessing it harmed us if anything.",Is Carb-Loading Effective?
1335,plah93,nutrition,I am genuinely curious as to what kinds of diets or even regimens they follow that allows them to look so young at their age. Is most of it secret stuff that only top level nutritionist doctors know? Or is stuff that normal people could easily implement themselves? Any scientific sources would be very welcome!,How do people like Ronaldo and Messi remain physically young?
1336,pl6w4f,nutrition,How bad is the food from food trucks for you? I generally try to be a healthy person but I've been falling prey to the great prices. How bad is it for me?,How bad is the food truck food?
1337,pl6pu3,nutrition,"I guess what I'm asking is, is this effect on the body long term or temporary like when certain medications say dont take with ""xyz or wait 1 hour before drinking citrus juice etc"" due to interactions.  Would drinking with a healthy meal negate the benefits of that meal? As opposed to drinking several hours before eating a healthy dinner for example. 

I know its better to drink with food in your stomach, and obviously healthy food is always wins over something with little nutrients but does drinking always lead to deficiencies? 

Sorry if this question is silly or confusing, I've just been curious about this for a while.",How does alcohol inhibit the absorption of nutrients and is there a way to combat this?
1338,pl6oei,nutrition,"Compared to white rice or other carbohydrate staples, does the body eventually lack the enzymes to break down corn starting in our 30s and 40s? I cannot find a source for this.",Do humans lose the ability to breakdown corn properly at a certain age?
1339,pl69o3,nutrition,Are they worth the money or is a big lie?,What's the point of taking EAA's if you're meeting your daily protein requirements anyway?
1340,pl3d3j,nutrition,"I'm quickly learning that fiber is one of the hardest nutrient goals for me to hit on the day to day, and as someone who suffers from celiac disease it's even more important that I hit that fiber goal in the title. Does anyone have any advice what foods I should consume daily? Right now my highest source of fiber comes from a vitamin, but I want 30 grams without vitamins. So my next highest sources come from walnuts, almonds, blueberries and raspberries, but I'm barely even reaching 8 grams with this diet...",25-30 grams of fiber?
1341,pl17uv,nutrition,"I recently realized that gluten (in the form of seitan) is highly recognized meat substitute of late. There are gluten flour available out there which are considered healthy.

However, the AP flour is considered to be bad/unhealthy while it is high on gluten.

What am I missing here ? Can I wash away the starch in the AP flour and then it's a healthy consumable ?

Can one of you please enlighten me ?",AP flour vs Gluten ?
1342,pl131l,nutrition,Just out the food you think is low calorie but it's also really good.,Wich are the hacks/meaks you have to eat a lot in a calorie deficit?
1343,pl04un,nutrition,"Are there ANY advantages in consuming essential amino acids or branched-chain amino acids via supplementation versus protein sources from food? For example 100 grams of chicken contains huge amounts of all EAA's, many times more than any EAA supplement dosage.",What do you think about EEA`s supplements?
1344,pkz8e3,nutrition,"I've heard that D-mannose binds to lectins found mostly in legumes. Will it also help with binding with lectins found in lentils and grains like quinoa and oats? And how exactly do I take the D-mannose supplement, like 30 minutes before a meal or 30 minutes after a meal or during a meal etc.","What about lectins (legumes, lentils, grains)?"
1345,pkz5uh,nutrition,"I heard this somewhere, but I can't seem to find it corroborated anywhere.  Does anybody have information on this?  Other ways to make sure you are getting enough sodium (especially for athletes)?",Does frequent urination and clear urine indicate sodium intake is too low?
1346,pkymf9,nutrition,"Which is better: Milk protein powder, Whey protein powder,  or Plant based protein powder?",Best protein powders
1347,pkyc5y,nutrition,"All of these standard BMR calculators seem to think that you are either fully sedentary job and time off or working an active job and working out.

How is this precise?

Someone like me who works out hard about 1.5 hours a day but is otherwise almost completely sedentary.",How do you calculate your Basal Metabolic Rate when you're sedentary but workout hard?
1348,pkxqh1,nutrition,"I have trouble feeling full and even when I eat a huge meal I’ll still feel hungry and nauseous and then I will feel like my blood sugar or pressure is low. And then in the mornings, I’m always shaky dizzy and tired. I asked my mom to go to the hospital for this stuff cause it interferes will my life cause my blood sugar always feels low, but she says she doesn’t know enough to take me cause she doesn’t know what to to",What should I do
1349,pkwqyr,nutrition,"Hi everybody, what do you think of 90% dark chocolate in terms of nutritional value ? Rich in saturated fats, but also poor in carbs and rich in fibers, do you think dark chocolate can negatively affect your plasma saturated fats profile?","Dark chocolate, good or bad?"
1350,pkv85q,nutrition,"**This research was conducted by:** 
 
 (Insert the name and institutional affiliation(s) of at least the primary author plus any others you think are relevant) 
 
 **This research was published by:** 
 
 (add name of journal, conference, or other publisher here) - (add link to the specific project here) 
 
 **Concluding quote(s) from:** 
 
 (add relevant quotes here. DO NOT PARAPHRASE EVER. Try to include as much of the conclusion as possible. If including the full abstract, please use double returns to break up sections for readability)",What ia the most healthy breakfast
1351,pkug2b,nutrition,"Hello,

&amp;#x200B;

I'm really into nutrition and I always like to take a look at [https://nutritiondata.self.com/](https://nutritiondata.self.com/) to know the number of fat/carb/proteins. I'm more and more aware that the food we eat also has an impact on the planet. Indeed, importing avocado to Europe has a big carbon footprint.   
Do you know if it exists a website/database where I could have a mix between [nutritiondata.com](https://nutritiondata.com) and knowing the carbon footprint for each food? Ideally, I would like a website where we have thorough calorie details about a food/recipe you compose and the impact carbon of it.

&amp;#x200B;

Something a little bit like that: [https://www.carbonfact.co/](https://www.carbonfact.co/) (it is for shoes)

PS: [nutritiondata.com](https://nutritiondata.com) is really really good but it seems to bug a lot on my side, if you have any alternative, happy to get it.",Calorie food and Food's carbon footprint
1352,pksw22,nutrition,I see a lot of people talking about weight loss with this topic but I’m curious about health are simple carbs bad for health?,Simple vrs complex carbs from a health standpoint
1353,pks3w4,nutrition,"So I’m trying to lose weight, which will be hard due to medical diagnosis and really a sedentary lifestyle (bad back from sports so it’s hard for me to walk to help lose weight).

I’ve heard so much of “this diet is a fad diet” or “this isn’t medically a safe diet” going on so it’s hard to really learn conflicting information for the first time. One site will say red meat is fine and another says it’s horrible for you and I can’t tell what’s right or not you know?

I’m trying to help why starting portion control. My cooking has been limited to super basic or microwave food.

So to start I’m trying to cut down by not ordering out as much and i found some lean cuisine meals that have low calories but high sodium that I’m trying to eat. I’ll have some bananas or apple and try to eat better stuff when I snack like yogurt and am trying to get soft drinks off the table entirely.

I know the lean cuisine meals probably aren’t healthy but are there any quick options that could help the transition of eating meals outside to eating less tastier meals at home?

Any tips on what parts of the label are the worst to have? What I should focus on eating less?

Really any ideas to help transition (I tried cold turkey once and it didn’t work).","Trying to start my first diet at 32, need any advice for what I should watch out for in terms of the percents on box (or any other tips really)"
1354,pkr7v9,nutrition,Let’s say you have limited source of protein. U want to build ur lower body and don’t care much about building muscle for ur upper body. Now is it better to eat small amounts of ur protein everyday or eat more protein on lower body days? Or does it not matter?,Limited protein hypothetical?
1355,pkr33t,nutrition,"If we take out the obvious extremes like eating feces or eating candy, is there a domain of food in which this rule of taste=well being applies? I see it can also be problematic because foods that don't taste that good can be made to taste good by adding extra ingredients. Maybe the rule applies to individual unprocessed foods? For example I can't stand lentils and I start gagging, but combine it with enough other foods, sauce, seasoning, I start loving it. But does it make sense to listen to my taste and not eat lentils? Ard there ever situations where taste is a reliable method of determining the healthiness of food?",Is there correlation between how good something tastes and how good it is for our bodies?
1356,pkpq4t,nutrition,Just asking out of curiosity might ask for the calories of a bunch of weird stuff.,Weird question: How many calories are in vermiculite or polystyrene (or whatever popcorn ceilings are made of)?
1357,pkowdk,nutrition,"I've had stints where I've eaten fairly healthy and stints where I've eaten like total crap. And to be completely honest, I've never felt a huge shift in energy when on a much cleaner diet. So, I was curious if anyone has in fact seen a very discernible difference in their energy levels and what was the change that sparked it?",Have any of you ever experienced a truly DRASTIC improvement in energy from a diet change?
1358,pkmdk2,nutrition,"I really struggle to eat more and especially get enough protein (muscle-building) so the powders help, but I don't want to overuse them, if that's possible.",Is it safe health-wise to have five scoops of GNC protein power per day?
1359,pkjz38,nutrition,"I’m desperate, apparently insurance doesn’t cover dietitian unless I have diabetes and I seriously don’t know where to start learning or whose actually credible","How can I start learning about nutrition myself? Ex: free courses, YouTube channels, books etc anything!"
1360,pkjwmj,nutrition,"so we know milk in tea takes away any health benefits of the tea, but does the same apply for things like sour cream in soup (borscht), cream in coffee, etc.?",dairy inhibiting nutrient uptake?
1361,pkj9p1,nutrition,"Some say insulin helps build muscle and therefore a relatively high carb diet is good, others say fat increases testosterone which is useful for building muscle",How much percent of calories should come from fat for building muscle?
1362,pkj23e,nutrition,Mines at 25. Fuck.,How to get HDL levels higher?
1363,pkivsx,nutrition,"Mine would be focused on a whole food plant based diet but not completely vegan. It would be focused on foods like fruits, veg, nuts and seeds, grains, legumes, greens... but it would also include yogurt, quark and cottage cheese, salmon and lean meats. Processed foods should be avoided. The principles or 'rules' would be eating a high carb breakfast to support a workout, then a balanced lunch and dinner, and a high protein snack on the middle of that.

I am curious to know how your way of eating would be if it was a trendy diet, I hope this post makes sense","If your daily way of eating was a trendy diet, how it would be?"
1364,pkgyba,nutrition,"Is there even a healthy way to do this? Or is there even something on the market that is affordable? As someone who often neglects vegetables (or food altogether sometimes), what could be done?

I like the idea of killing two birds with one stone, and I'm sure many many more are the same way","I've seen a lot of people knock V8 due to sodium content, sugar content, etc., but nobody says what IS good for you if you're going that route. What is a healthy, cheap way to get those vegetables in all at once without buying whole vegetables?"
1365,pkf748,nutrition,earlychildhoodnutrition.com,Getting back to “normal” in your child’s nutrition | Early Childhood Nutrition
1366,pkdbzf,nutrition,"Here is a link to the nutrient info: https://www.kroger.com/p/kroger-soft-taco-size-low-carb-flour-tortillas/0001111081622

Are these actually low carb? Does fiber net out carbs? Do the ingredients look healthy?",Are Kroger low-carb tortillas (and other bread products) actually healthy?
1367,pkbzhi,nutrition,"Wondering what you all might think of this diet. It's been making it's rounds in the rock climbing community. Basically you avoid carbs in the morning and opt for fatty and high protein foods. After lunch, near your workout time, you can start consuming carbs. for dinner, you opt for moderate to high carbs and low fat for one meal. every meal is 25-30 g of protein.

The point is supposedly to decrease your body fat. This is assuming a moderate amount of exercise (catered to rock climbers). This is also assuming no processed sugar, lots of veggies and fruits in the afternoon, and usually some grains for dinner.","Thoughts on this hybrid low-carb diet (morning is low carb, high fat and high protein; afternoon is moderate to high carb, low fat, high protein)? Designed for skill sport athletes with high strength needs."
1368,pkardt,nutrition,"I read an interview with the former personal chef of Ronaldo and how he completely avoids processed sugar and maintains a low fat diet. They then briefly referenced Messi's personal chef who supposedly does the same thing.

They didnt mention why though, and I dont understand the benefits of completely avoiding sugar in terms of fitness.

Im aware that excess sugar likely causes diabetes. But the key in most health guides seems to be ""excess"", why would avoiding all processed sugar be so important?",Why do many elite athletes completely avoid sugar?
1369,pkaov2,nutrition,"ABSTRACT

**Background:** Although intake of Hass avocado has been cross-sectionally linked to lower abdominal obesity, knowledge of the effects of avocado consumption on abdominal adiposity and glycemic outcomes remains limited. 


**Objective:** The effects of avocado consumption on abdominal adiposity, insulin resistance, oral-glucose-tolerance test (OGTT), and estimated β-cell function were evaluated.


**Methods:** A total of 105 adults aged 25–45 y (61% female) with BMI ≥25 kg/m2 were randomly assigned to an intervention (N = 53) that received a daily meal with 1 fresh Hass avocado or a control (N = 52) that received an isocaloric meal with similar ingredients without avocado for 12 wk. DXA was used to assess the primary outcomes of abdominal adiposity [visceral adipose tissue (VAT), subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue (SAAT), and the ratio of VAT to SAAT (VS Ratio)]. Fasted glucose and insulin were used to assess the primary outcomes of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and insulin sensitivity (Matsuda index) and β-cell function (Insulinogenic index) were estimated using an OGTT. Changes between groups were compared using an ANCOVA. Secondary analyses were conducted based on sex.


**Results:** The control group exhibited a greater reduction in SAAT [–54.5 ± 155.8 g (control) compared with 17.4 ± 155.1 g (treatment), P = 0.017] and increase in VS Ratio [0.007 ± 0.047 (control) compared with –0.011 ± 0.044 (treatment), P = 0.024]. Among females, the treatment group exhibited a greater reduction in VAT [1.6 ± 89.8 g (control) compared with –32.9 ± 81.6 g (treatment), P = 0.021] and VS Ratio [0.01 ± 0.05 (control) compared with –0.01 ± 0.03 (treatment), P = 0.001]. Among males, there was no significant difference between groups in changes in abdominal adiposity or glycemic outcomes.


**Conclusions:** Daily consumption of 1 fresh Hass avocado changed abdominal adiposity distribution among females but did not facilitate improvements in peripheral insulin sensitivity or β-cell function among adults with overweight and obesity. This study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02740439. J Nutr 2021;151:2513–2521.




[Link to PDF](https://watermark.silverchair.com/nxab187.pdf?token=AQECAHi208BE49Ooan9kkhW_Ercy7Dm3ZL_9Cf3qfKAc485ysgAAAsIwggK-BgkqhkiG9w0BBwagggKvMIICqwIBADCCAqQGCSqGSIb3DQEHATAeBglghkgBZQMEAS4wEQQMJsJJpAaJd6CybmeYAgEQgIICdTRIy8JnY-lJsFYyjZ5-sQoDbp9z4d8_4rvm3g0kFgF7_65yZ1k2JeQb_9z3E7pUKOThf7g_HbD4nT4WSYBRn05BPBbtgesj7IfynFfbgqpqddaLj5pN0J7ah4ST_6P75Pn53vP9lePd3OfT-Ae3dbYoahznwetAoAnJeb_WFlR44HghPnMHt8v77QEWuQL4um_PrRt9X_dN646_F8XHyQ8hluQLkJJWWM26qoceJYxyqyVoskb74Ebn2mbV1f0kGQ-2DqFPUF9me_ti136CVJC1F4l6GCV7XrYPQXwqQZcn4HoTCqlnkoaioY5dxyYOlqjwfLHnROxWgKiWkM29x1_3-k6Uu72DolDrGhmbMlZp64R_XgNH30pJ7WryyNyVfTcpGaJa3pBHgSvjMAKB6K6fkT-k8kOy6bgh3wPyMee6mChhcw5vaxN_EeIved8a9fu9pn7aYT0rTmUpHh9ZMcUnawk4vAIFYhxQTfC7EhSjmU7MsWDiDK7FA_btgcQZ8vqcKQCaQAlzcnP7OHMQ5uWk1t9NagDUV59iOT4y7Fv-Bj6H8zkqujr6DFt14NfH6iv4tRPhKDONiHrDSIYrf5O0uswrDtc5CqgRy6wQLr6-9tfbtzcrcpNsI_uRel_z0Qwz73x3AZ2DlA5tyrJwZslV3dAFvvFs2nMYZf-EvfhtYTTLaLt3XN_a7S3fipPRpEMCrLdXbOu_AQ58qtUemf8hPhHy12_JhVcqCwqIQT6NWy9MAzwfpWkmdqtqohn0T4t5wdDyEm2BnyplpiiMiMHQYVD6nP7t8_HXskGlejHU-FFCSpmODaKUuvnnfENI1ojToS57)[Link to Study](https://academic.oup.com/jn/article/151/9/2513/6311819)","Avocado Consumption, Abdominal Adiposity, and Oral Glucose Tolerance Among Persons with Overweight and Obesity"
1370,pkai54,nutrition,"	\- Spinach / rocket

	\- Avacadoes

	\- Cheese (moderate)

	\- Nuts

	\- Chia seeds

	\- Fish

	\- Lean meats

	\- Tomatoes

\- Olives / olive oil",Does this food include enough nutrients / vitamins for good health?
1371,pk8jk6,nutrition," 

Taking high dose zinc reduces zinc in hippocampus

[https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23383172/](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23383172/)

So how this works, what if one wants to increase zinc in hippocampus ?

or if one takes high zinc and induce zinc deficiency in hippocampus then is there a way to reverse it ?",Is there a way to normalize Zinc in hippocampus ?
1372,pk7sl9,nutrition,"Does taking them everyday is too much, does it do any harm?

I heard vitamins overdose is a real thing.

I\`m also eat healthy and try to eat veggies at every meal!",Green Superfood Mix + Multivitamins
1373,pk2gop,nutrition,"In calorie deficit we have to count calories and intake a particular number, so do you take it by guess of weigh it?",Do you guys use weight machine for food while cooking in calorie deficit?
1374,pk2a0k,nutrition,Title says it all :),Favorite whole grain foods/meals/snacks?
1375,pk0frc,nutrition,Any help would be much appreciated :),How to balance an over reactive immune system?
1376,pjzr5b,nutrition,"I'm equally interested in this from a nutrition and food science perspective. I've never understood why if you search for the macronutrients of red vs white wine, it generally says both have 1g sugar per serving, yet most white wine tastes so sweet? Is sugar added to most cheaper white wine, which exaggerates the difference and that 1g doesn't account for that?",Sugar content in red vs white wine?
1377,pjyv3b,nutrition,"[Ideas, Concepts, and Observations (ggenereux.blog)](https://ggenereux.blog/) 

I found this obsessive and esoteric blog that vehemently opposes vitamin A, (among other things to a lesser degree), and even though it is clearly written by a non-medically trained person, it caught my attention and admittedly a bit of concern.

What are your opinions, if you have any?",Is this guy borderline insane? Or is there any merit to his claims?
1378,pjydfx,nutrition,"Chicken, rice, broccoli is this constantly referenced meal for people getting into shape trying to add muscle. It's considered easy to meal prep and cheap. I feel like adding black beans (or most legumes) would be an easy, cheap way to improve it if trying to bulk up. Is there any reason it wouldn't be an improvement or shouldn't be eaten regularly?","Adding beans to the classic ""chicken, rice, broccoli"""
1379,pjwul6,nutrition,"There are some days that I will wake up and feel lightheaded pretty much the entire rest of the day. I have not taken any notes as to what I have eaten, but many times I will feel light-headed after a meal. I read some articles online that this can happen due to high carb meals which lower blood sugar which can lead to lightheadedness, but is this something that could last a whole day?

For example, I had a lot of pizza last night for dinner and was bloated. I didn't feel lightheaded at night, but this morning I woke up very light-headed. Should I eat lower carbs to stop this? Could there be another underlying reason? I have definitely have had pizza before without feeling light-headed in the morning, so it isn't an every time type of thing.

Thanks!",Light headed entire day
1380,pjwp3x,nutrition,"I have a student meal plan at my college, but I can only spend about $6-7 a day until the end of the semester before it runs out. I would get groceries, but there aren't any stores nearby (I'm also pretty occupied).

I have Nature Valley granola bars for snacks, but they aren't exactly the healthiest and I don't want to eat a lot of sugar. I'm pretty hungry at the moment though as I've already spent $7 today on lunch.

Would it be bad for me to snack on the granola bars I have? It's the only food I have available at the moment.",Only eating once a day as a college student
1381,pjundk,nutrition,Never heard of baru nuts until I came across Barukas almost a year ago. Now I am seeing them in more and more places. Seem healthy and I think they taste good. Are they good to add to the list for nuts and seed options?,Baru nuts a good snack food?
1382,pjujnl,nutrition,What are the best foods for hormone boosts to improve workouts?,Endocrine nutrition
1383,pju72l,nutrition,"I'm curious if there are objective ways to compare the unhealthiness of foods. For instance, one food has too much fat versus another has too much salt or sugar. Both are bad for health but which is worse?

Or compare someone who eats too much red meat versus someone who eats swordfish (which has high mercury content). I think people make a lot of decisions every day trying to find good food for decent prices but reading the ingredients (most things have like 50 ingredients) and being bombarded with so much information about what's healthy and not can be confusing. It would be nice if there was some way to compare the unhealthiness of, say, certain amount of high-fructose corn syrup in one candy vs. a certain amount of sugar in another.","Can ""unhealthiness"" of foods be compared?"
1384,pjsy3b,nutrition,"When potatoes are fried/baked, do they still maintain their nutritional value like their hylauronic acid content?",Terra Chips - do they still hold nutritional value?
1385,pjozs2,nutrition,"I make my own granola and love muesli, porridge etc. so i often end up eating multiple bowls of oat based foods in a day. Instead of milk i also use oat milk, which is just blended up oats aswell. So i started to wonder, at what point can oat-overconsumption become harmful?",How many oats are too many?
1386,pjnkzr,nutrition,"Abstract

Our aim was to determine the effect of diet on gut microbiota, digestive function and sensations, using an integrated clinical, metagenomics and metabolomics approach. We conducted a cross-over, randomised study on the effects of a Western-type diet versus a fibre-enriched Mediterranean diet. In 20 healthy men, each diet was administered for 2 weeks preceded by a 2-week washout diet. The following outcomes were recorded: (a) number of anal gas evacuations; (b) digestive sensations; (c) volume of gas evacuated after a probe meal; (d) colonic content by magnetic resonance imaging; (e) gut microbiota taxonomy and metabolic functions by shotgun sequencing of faecal samples; (f) urinary metabolites using untargeted metabolomics. As compared to a Western diet, the Mediterranean diet was associated with (i) higher number of anal gas evacuations, (ii) sensation of flatulence and borborygmi, (iii) larger volume of gas after the meal and (iv) larger colonic content. Despite the relatively little difference in microbiota composition between both diets, microbial metabolism differed substantially, as shown by urinary metabolite profiles and the abundance of microbial metabolic pathways. The effects of the diet were less evident in individuals with robust microbiotas (higher beta-diversity). To conclude, healthy individuals tolerate dietary changes with minor microbial modifications at the composition level but with remarkable variation in microbial metabolism.

[Link to Study](https://www.mdpi.com/2072-6643/13/8/2638/htm)",Differential Effects of Western and Mediterranean-Type Diets on Gut Microbiota: A Metagenomics and Metabolomics Approach
1387,pjimoy,nutrition,"I've come up with a seed loaf/cake recipe made with flax, chia, sunflower and pumpkin seed (plus one egg, olive oil, ground almonds and a little brown sugar). I created it so that my partner and I could get our dose of ""super seeds"" easily everyday without fail. One loaf lasts us a week. However I never actually checked if by baking the seeds in this way, I'm killing off their nutrients. Would be great to hear thoughts?",Do seeds still hold their nutritional value after being baked in the oven?
1388,pji87e,nutrition,"As a side note, for anyone that's interested, see [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Butyric\_acid#Biochemistry](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Butyric_acid#Biochemistry) for more about butyric acid which is one of the short chain fatty acids that gets produced","Fiber fermentation by gut microbiota into SCFAs - is this a hidden source of calories - if so how substantial can it be? This is not to imply this is a bad thing as the butyric acid which gets produced for example has a lot of health benefits, but curious about the caloric impact."
1389,pjhvxx,nutrition,I just would to know some good fruit to eat every day.,What is the best fruit to eat on a daily basis?
1390,pjdz2i,nutrition," I'm currently on a maintenance/slimming defecit, weighing 88kg and exercising 5days a day cardio due to lockdown (approx 1h - 1h15mins sessions). I will revert back to heavy lifting once gyms option back up due to lockdown.

I've got a diet guide for 2,450 calories per day which is a maintenance/slimming intake for myself.

However the Macronutrients Breakdown I've been asked to hit is as below;

Protein: 245g

Carbs: 245g

Fats: 54g

I've been finding it hard to hit the protein goal within the caloric limit. As I'm going over to hit that protein goal. If I even get to that target as it's quite a high protein intake.

Looking for some opinions/suggestions/clarifications for my situation and any tips/trips to meet the protein goal whilst being within the or relatively close to my caloric target of 2,450 cals

Thanks.",Caloric Maintenance Diet Struggling to hit Macros
1391,pjds6g,nutrition,"I remember learning about the Food Pyramid way back in elementary school: You had the bread/grains on the bottom, what made up the largest portion of their ideal diet, then veggies, slightly smaller, and so on. I keep hearing questionable things about wheat and how it's not as good for you as you think and more about how veggies should take up the largest portion of your diet. What would you advise to eat more of?",Should we eat more vegetables or more grains?
1392,pjbud5,nutrition,"So I just picked up some dried chili’s at an Asian market that are product of China. Are pesticides or heavy metals a concern? 

Was going to use them to make general tso sauce and stir fry’s.",Dried chili product of China
1393,pjbtqg,nutrition,"Hopefully it's ok if I post a cat nutrition question. I think a lot of people will have knowledge about this type of thing.

The study shows that minerals (which are added to pet food) oxidize and accumulate in the kidneys. 

I've found that certain cats kidney problem symptoms go away when they're given cooked food instead of processed food with minerals added. Well I wonder how we can maybe give these minerals in natural forms instead, or if there's another fix? Thanks guys!
[Renal accumulation of prooxidant mineral elements and CKD in domestic cats

](http://
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-020-59876-6)",Renal accumulation of prooxidant mineral elements and CKD in domestic cats
1394,pjbkhx,nutrition,"Hey guys, is there a resource out there with a list of foods that you can sort by highest nutrient content. For example, it would be awesome to have a list sorted by foods containing the highest calcium content per calorie or 100g. 

I was just using calcium as an example; I'm not looking for foods high in calcium.

Thank you!",List of foods that contain highest nutritional value?
1395,pjawzn,nutrition,I wanna drop from 2600 to 2300(calories maintance) but I don't know if I should drop it for example 100 calores every 1 week or 2 weeks. Or should I drop 50 cal every 3 day. I don't know the time frame and don't want to drop it to fast and loose all my gains.,How much time should past so I can lower my calories?
1396,pj95o8,nutrition,Hi guys I just bought these hair vitamins [https://www.vitabiotics.com/products/perfectil-original-tablets](https://www.vitabiotics.com/products/perfectil-original-tablets) and I'm a guy and I was concerned about the iron content per tablet its 12mg and I know the recommend about is around 8mg. I've heard how having too much iron is bad for you as men can't excrete iron or something like that. So I was wondering what I should do ? Is it a bad idea to use them ? I was thinking I could take the vitamin every second day so it would kind be like me getting 6mg iron each day via the supplement. I don't know any help would be great ! Thanks:),Worried about the amount of iron in the multivitamin
1397,pj95ks,nutrition,"Hooked - Food, Free Will, and How the Food Giants Exploit Our Addictions, by Michael Moss, examines the way these companies capitalize on our memories, cravings, and brain chemistry to keep us snacking. See review:  https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2021/04/26/990821079/cheap-legal-and-everywhere-how-food-companies-get-us-hooked-on-junk","""Hooked"" a nutrition book by Michael Moss"
1399,pj78b9,nutrition,"I’m trying to find a granola brand that fits some general criteria. Bars are more preferable due to convenience when going out or traveling, but loose granola is ok too. Making my own granola would be a sure way to accomplish this, but that’s not always practical (plus I like the challenge of hunting down a great brand).

Must Not Have: Milk/dairy, soy, nuts, hfcs, tons of sugar (10g sugar per serving max)  
The granola needs to have whole grain oats as the first ingredient and be a brand I can purchase in the USA (either in-store or online).  
Thank you for any suggestions or tips!",Seeking Granola that Meets Certain Criteria (suggestions appreciated)
1400,pj68mm,nutrition,"# Free Keto CookBook 100+ Recipes Just pay Shipping .If You Are Charge For The Book You May Down Vote For ME...  

Want Free --- [https://sites.google.com/view/getyourfreeketobook/home](https://sites.google.com/view/getyourfreeketobook/home)",Free Keto CookBook 100+ Recipes Just pay Shipping .If You Are Charge For The Book You May Down Vote For ME...
1401,pj64yj,nutrition,"So I want to take some vitamin e as I'm drinking this supplement called kava and it's known to potentially cause dermopathy. Long story short I ordered some ""Amazon elements"" brand and the thing has a whopping total of 268mg of vitamin e. This is insanely high. 1,787% the daily value. 

So I heard there's risks with overdoing vitamin e. And I only really wanna take like 10-15mg a day. So do some math and that's about one every 20 days. Is this something I can do? Or will the huge amount all at once still carry some risks even if I only take one every 20 days?

This is my main question and all I really need help with, I can research for my other question don't feel like you need to help me with that Ill be alright :)

So my side question is If this isn't something I should do. Can one maybe reccomend Me to a trusted as in (lab tested and safe) brand that has versions of vitamin e with 10-15 mg? Or maybe some specific food to get or something? It's hard to travel as I don't have a car so I'd prefer to order a vitamin off Amazon rather than go to a store for food, but if I gotta then I gotta :) 

Any help is appreciated!",Question about vitamin e
1402,pj612b,nutrition,I that that doubt since it advices to eat food very low of fats,Can avocado be included in Scarsdale diet? The book doesn’t specify
1403,pj563n,nutrition,"So I actually like plain grilled chicken breast as 180g raw has only 198 calories, which is great! But my problem then comes to what to have with it. I’ve tried bulgar wheat but it’s too filling for how little calories it is but I don’t want to just have veggies and then every other carb doesn’t fit into my calories. Looking to pair my chicken with something filling making the meal roughly 330 calories. Any recommendations?",Best things to pair with chicken breast
1404,pj3i4o,nutrition,"Looking for some olive oil brands I can trust. I know a lot of them mix seed oils in, so trying to find something that is 100% olive oil. Thanks!",Trusted olive oil brands to buy from?
1405,pj1ulu,nutrition,One pack has 23 g of sugar which is the biggest worry I had about it. I’m not sure if that’s too much? I’m a very picky eater so it’s hard to eat foods,Is Nutella okay for a bodybuilder?
1406,pix4n3,nutrition,"My boyfriend just moved to California from the UK and he’s been really struggling with the transition mainly with food and what to eat. He’s semi health conscious and worries about sugar intake which he’s finding difficult because even when making a conscious effort to avoid it - by buying raisin bran cereal there’s still sugar on the raisins. 

I wanted to try and make him some kind of recipe book but with more details on what brands of meat or bread or anything needed so he can get things less high in fat or sugar and to give him one less big thing to worry about during the adjustment period. Obviously I am not currently in the states so it’s quite difficult for me to access loads of information over America brands of food and what their ingredients are. 

Any help would be masssssively appreciated. He’s about to start his PHD so even short easy recipes but he loves cooking too so anything really!",Help eating healthy in the USA
1407,piwds6,nutrition,"Generally speaking when cooking pasta you boil it in more water than it needs and you drain the remaining water after the pasta is cooked (at least here in Italy), but according to the nutrition label of Barilla whole wheat pasta, 100g of it have

\- 45% RDI of phosphorus

\- 21% of iron

\- 24% of magnesium

\- 21% of zinc

&amp;#x200B;

Do nutrients get lost in the discarded water? Should pasta be cooked in just enough water for it to absorb it all? I've never heard of anybody who cooks it like this, but maybe it should.

What do you think?",Does draining the water where you cooked whole wheat pasta make it lose some nutrients?
1408,pivwjb,nutrition,"Any women out there over 40 who perform manual or physical  labor? I work at Amazon 16 hrs per week on my feet, handling packages. I will cover about  miles each shift. What foods do you  eat to remain energized? How many calories?",Manual/Physical Labor Workers Nutrition
1410,piqp0s,nutrition," A lot of overnight oats recipes don't include any acids (i.e. lemon juice) and this is confusing to me because:

The purpose of lemon juice is to break down phytic acid, which is found in the liquid the oats were soaked in.

Phytic acid binds to important minerals such as zinc and iron, so your body doesn't actually end up getting to use these nutrients. Therefore, it's important to get rid of phytic acid before you consume the oats.   
(It's also why a lot of times you have to soak legumes/beans as part of cooking prep). 

This info is also just from researching for... not a very long time lol (but I did look at NCBI so not just random sites). 

And I found a lot of blogs that say ""oops we forgot to say you should include lemon juice or apple cider vinegar!"" For the reasons stated above. Yet none of the actual recipe sites indicate this?? Maybe this is just one of those common sense things that people don't need to specify?

I did make 1 jar of PB &amp; banana overnight oats and added a ""splash"" of lemon juice. If you were wondering, I couldn't really taste the lemon juice but at the same time Idk how much you need to add (in proportion to the oats) to sufficiently break down the phytic acid grr.  


Anyway, please let me know (preferably with cited sources) if I'm wrong on any of this!",Phyic Acid in Overnight Oats?
1412,pioiw9,nutrition,"Mainly wondering if raw chicken breasts from the store have nitrates and nitrites like bacon and cured meats and deli meat and etc. I'm assuming it's not, since it's not cured or salted or dried or canned or anything like that.","If you get raw chicken breasts from the store to cook, is that the same as eating processed meat?"
1413,pim4b3,nutrition,"To be more specific, I'm talking about farmed fish, which i know is fattier and has more cholesterol, Is it worth considering the amount of omega 3 confronted to the amount of bad fats?",Is it healthy to eat fish skin?
1414,pim42h,nutrition,"Why is it so much easier to eat high calorie fast food than high calorie food that you have prepared yourself? Two fast food burgers (approx. 1400 calories) are so much easier to eat than a homemade 1400 calorie dish. Isn't the satiety level measured by how many calories you have eaten? According to this, the two burgers from Burgerking should be just as ""difficult"" to get down as the dish you prepared yourself. Why is that not so? I hope you understand my question.",High calorie food
1415,pilfqf,nutrition,"It’s not your weekly soda that’s the problem; it’s your daily Starbucks. 

It’s easier to moderate treats that don’t have a “halo effect.” 

Starbucks is “cool,” and soda isn’t, but Starbucks has just as much sugar as soda if you get certain drinks there! That’s just one example. There are more!",A tip: beware of the halo effect!
1416,pijhuu,nutrition,Title says it,"Hypothetical questions: If you can eat only one meal a day ranging from 1800-2100 kcal rich in macro and micro nutrients, how would that meal look for you?"
1417,pigafs,nutrition,"When they say you should eat treats in moderation, how often is that? Would a piece of cake/ dessert once a week if it’s the only treat be okay and the rest of your meals were reasonably healthy?",Desserts in moderation…
1418,piebto,nutrition,"What are the best multivitamins that can be bought on the internet? that have the most ingredients and are in tablets? tell me brands or product names to look (Look especially for those that help you grow hair faster, help wound healing, good skin maintenance and good metabolism)",Top Best multivitamin for women
1419,pie09y,nutrition,Just curious.,"Why does a lot of fast food meat contain trans fat, but not the meat at the grocery store?"
1420,pidldr,nutrition,"Hello,

do you know website that is database of all foods and its nutrients and preferably allows listing foods based on selected nutrients? That would help a lot, thanks!",Food database of all foods and its nutrients?
1421,piaqmb,nutrition,"Hi All,

This seemed the most appropriate of subreddits I am part of to post this kind of question... I am about to get my second vaccine tomorrow (Pfizer), and hear that the second dose is the real sucker... I want to prepare my immune system so that I am not knocked out too much. I've been smashing Vitamin C tablets over the last month, mens multi-vitamins, and trying to drink well. Anthing else I can do to boost my immune system before hand, or do after getting it to recover quicker?

Thanks in advance all!",Preparing for 2nd Dose Pfizer Vaccine
1422,pi9p2b,nutrition,"I am constructing a diet, ive completed my brealfast and lunch. Im working on my third meal now. 

Cant i just buy a healthy dinner from outside? The restuarent serves, rice, 7 small chicken pieces with salad. The chicken is rilled and marinated in seasoning. 

bamiyankabob.com/menu/

If you scroll down, its the 9th plate, with 7 small chicken pieces. Looks healthy to me, would there be any reason to avoid that?

It saves me the trouble of having to cook my own rice, chicken, when i can just buy it from outside, my only concern, would there be any reason that would be unhealthy?",Does this look healthy to you?
1423,pi5kbd,nutrition,"after a lot of examination, i came to the conclusion that saturated fat is part of the chocolate itself and not the preparation - even raw cocoa nibs have roughly the same saturated fat as high quality dark chocolate.

1 ounce of dark chocolate has the same saturated fat as 6 ounces of dark meat chicken. 

I'm a little baffled by this, given how commonly people say dark chocolate is very healthy, but it is also clearly pretty full of saturated fat, so is it ""good"" plant based sat fat, or is it just that people are expected to eat a small proportion of their calories in chocolate and thus the higher concentration isn't that big a deal?",chocolate and saturated fat
1424,pi11cc,nutrition,"My dad has had Pancreatic Cancer for 3 years. He’s done great. Recently we found out it has spread and is pushing against his Duodenum. If he eats anything he gets sick, he hasn’t eaten anything since Monday. He’s pretty much starving to death.
He can have liquids which is hit and miss with making him sick.
My question is, anyone ever have to be on a liquid diet, and what are some things you could eat/drink that have the nutrition he needs?
Thank you!

Edit: They said he’s not a candidate for a stent since that would cause more problems. Also, not a J tube either.
They tried a feeding tube twice, but it came out both times. This last time, the tube came out and was feeding that food stuff into his stomach so he got terribly sick after that.",Dad can’t have feeding tube
1425,pht0hp,nutrition,"On some of Mrs. Dash’s products they have “oil of lemon” listed as an ingredient, yet I can find nothing about it online. What is it? Thanks in advance!",Ingredients question
1426,phsshj,nutrition,"To summarize:

* Environmental mismatch is the root cause of chronic lifestyle diseases and the so-called diseases of modernity
* One of the most important mismatches is diet, namely replacing the ancestral diet rich in animal meat, fat, and organs with highly processed products of industrial mono-cropped agriculture: refined grains, sugar, and seed oils.
* dietary dictates of the past century overwhelmingly reflect the corporate interests of the Pharmaceutical Industry, the Food Industry, and the religious doctrine of the Seventh  Day Adventist Church.

[The Corruption of the Human Diet](https://rootcausemd.substack.com/p/the-corruption-of-the-human-diet)","""The Corruption of the Human Diet"" - Excellent Summary of Everywhere We've Gone Wrong When it Comes to Diet"
1427,phs1y8,nutrition,"You can drink as much coke as you want, eat junk food, as much as you want, smoke as much as you want, drink alcohol as much as you want, to destroy your health. All these things are scientifically proven to kill millions every year, but you don't need a doctor prescription to buy it.

&amp;#x200B;

However you want to buy certain drugs, supplements or natural remedies and even after being extremely informed of the possible dangers (minimal compared to all the previous things), authorities make it extremely difficult, putting barriers to everything, from prescriptions to directly being banned.

I had severe IBS after antibiotics not long ago, I tried many things, nothing helped, I wanted to try helminth therapy (at my own risk) and I couldn't find a single source allowed by the FDA (the same agency that allows the sale of coke freely) when I knew perfectly what I wanted to buy. I wanted to try FMT and no doctor would sign a prescription for me, so I had to go to another country to buy it and explain at customs that it was for my personal use and they allowed me to get it into my country but they were not sure what they were doing was right, just like if was doing something wrong, when I'm only trying to cure myself!!

&amp;#x200B;

I can't understand how we got to this point where you can end your life so easily but will only find regulations and regulatory obstacles to cure yourself, not only in the US but virtually everywhere in the West. How is this possible?",Why can you destroy your health freely but have so many restrictions to cure yourself?
1428,phrgl6,nutrition,When Is The Best Time To Eat If You Want To Gain Muscles? Do you workout on an empty stomach and eat after working out? Do you eat before? What is recommended?,When Is The Best Time To Eat If You Want To Gain Muscles?
1429,phqe8q,nutrition," **Dating coaches have been around practically most of the young boys and girls living alone nowadays, their focus has shifted toward living relationships. In Western Countries, the marriage market hasn’t changed too much. There is a lot of potentials, in major cities like New York women are more in numbers. As a Dating coach, you can offer them your services to improve their** **relationship and solve their dating issues, discussion, role-playing, behavior, modeling, and other forms of direction, a dating coach training to meet and attract romantic partners. as a dating coach, you may focus on topics important to the art of dating: interpersonal skills, flirting, psychology, sociology, compatibility, fashion, and recreational activities. As dating coaches are unlicensed, their methods vary widely.**",How to make the first Date successful with Dating Coach Certification
1430,phoy73,nutrition,"""No need to avoid healthy omega-6 fats - Harvard Health"" https://www.health.harvard.edu/newsletter_article/no-need-to-avoid-healthy-omega-6-fats


""Turns Out Omega-6 Fats Aren't as Bad as We Thought | EatingWell"" https://www.eatingwell.com/article/290854/turns-out-omega-6-fats-arent-as-bad-as-we-thought/","Omega 6 not inflammatoire? Harvard says(2019):, u Finland says: (2018)"
1431,phofna,nutrition,"For example: when you’re pregnant you should get more iron, folic acid, … or when you’re under stress, you should get more vitamin b, magnesium, etc. 

What are other conditions/situations where you need to get more of certain nutrients?",Which conditions/situations require you to get more nutrients?
1432,phnc0f,nutrition,"My friend and I was discussing about how some foods or ingredients should not be cooked together. is seafood (oyster or prawn) and cheese a bad combination in terms of nutrition etc. In t erm of taste, they are amazing!",Is seafood + cheese (or dairy products) a good combination in term of nutrition and how our body digest?
1433,phnbba,nutrition,"What are the physical/metabolic/behavioral differences and changes between a steady but slight caloric deficit (lets assume -200kcal/day for 30days) compared to intervals of stronger energy deprivation (-800kcal every 4 days for 30 days (i am not necessarily talking about fasting (~0kcal/day)but just being way below the total energy requirement/d)

What would be the favorable way from a nutritionists pov. Are there trade-offs? Or is it just up to personal preference?


Just out of interest, any (scientific) input is welcome :)","What‘s the difference between steady+slight caloric deficit, vs intervals of large caloric deficits"
1434,phkkgs,nutrition,Are artificial sweetners that bad for you?,Is having a lot of flavored sparkling water and gum bad for you during a calorie deficit?
1435,phk3bx,nutrition,For example if I bake something with quote unquote healthy ingredients like oats flour will it still be healthy?,Does adding baking soda or baking powder to food make it nutritionally bad/unhealthy?
1436,phipxw,nutrition,"Makes 0 sense.

So if it copious amounts of chickpeas, edamame, chickpea pasta, flour, whatever.... All of that has fat serviced from soy beans which the vegan diet in particular is very heavy on considering these are Staples within the diet.


How is that any better than soybean oil?",How is soybean oil bad but soy considered healthy?
1437,phiguv,nutrition,"Such as: https://www.acsh.org/news/2019/10/16/whole-foods-sells-both-nitrate-free-meat-and-nitrate-supplements-yup-14334

https://thecounter.org/organic-celery-powder-nosb-vote/

https://www.healthline.com/health/food-nutrition/is-sodium-nitrate-bad-for-you#Can-Sodium-Nitrate-Be-Good-for-You?-

From what I gather it's not necessarily the sodium nitrate but rather the heat that is given to it. But if that's the case then why is cooked vegetables okay, which is where we get most of our nitrates, and yet cured meats are not okay?",Can someone ILI5 about nitrates and nitrites and the health risk? I'm seeing a ton of conflicting information out there
1438,phi8fs,nutrition,I’m in my 40s and my coworker is in his 50s. We sometimes eat lunch together in the cafeteria. We almost always order the same thing that’s what prompted me the question. Thanks in advance :),Do men in their 40s need different nutrition than men in their 50s ?
1439,phhgmt,nutrition,"What macro goals are usually the standard for a ""low fat"" diet? Does is differ from a diet that is meant to watch only cholesterol or animal fats vs plant fats or a low fat diet for things like fatty liver? What are the standard considerations?","What is considered a ""low fat"" diet?"
1440,phgxmq,nutrition,"FREE Eating Disorder Education &amp; Support Group - Tuesdays 6:00-7:15 pm PST 

Hosted by a Registered Dietitian Nutritionist and ED Recovery Counselor

&amp;#x200B;

\*\*bold\*\*September 2021 Schedule:

\* Sept 7: How to be Happier with your Gut (Microbiome and Mood)

\* Sept 14:Debunking Popular Diets - Why the Internet is a Liar!

\* Sept 21: Gender Identity, Sexuality, and Eating Disorders

\* Sept 28: Connecting with Your Body - Activity Group

&amp;#x200B;

Not only will you have an opportunity to connect with other people who are on the recovery path, but you will also have two awesome facilitators who will be leading themed groups each week. Weekly content includes: Nutrition &amp; trauma education, recovery skills, and group discussion. Tell your friends and bring your supporters, too! This group meets weekly on Tuesdays at 6:00-7:15 pm PDT.

&amp;#x200B;

\*\*bold\*\*To learn more &amp; find the Zoom link, visit: [http://www.nutritionwithnaia.com/free-group/](http://www.nutritionwithnaia.com/free-group/)

&amp;#x200B;

\*italics\*Come when you need support. Just because the group meets weekly doesn’t mean you need to come weekly. This is not a cumulative series – you can join or leave at any time. \*\*bold\*\*You do not need to have a diagnosed eating disorder to join this group.

\*italics\*We encourage people to have their cameras on and to participate, but we understand that some people need time to open up or even leave early. All of You is welcome here; we’re just happy that you’re taking this step for your recovery with us.",FREE Eating Disorder Education Group - Starting Sept 7th!
1441,phfqwn,nutrition,"I saw a packet of electrolyte drink mix has 2% sodium for the day and 1% potassium.  Is this really enough for hard exercise replenishment?  It seems like if you’re losing electrolytes, it’s in a lot greater quantities than 1-2% of daily intake.","Sports drinks have 1-2% of daily intake of electrolytes (sodium, potassium…etc). Is that enough to replenish the loss from hard exercise?"
1442,phedt5,nutrition,What does it take to lower the score and how long until results are apparent?,"Is it possible to get A1C down from a score of 6 to ""no longer prediabetic""?"
1443,phckvy,nutrition,"I was wondering about nutrients and calories. My question is if I drank a Redbull that is 160 calories, 11g of carbs, .3g of protein and .1g of fat. Is that the same as eating the same in physical food such as chicken if we managed to eat the exact same amount? I am asking this because I am bulking and about 1/5th of my calorie intake is in drinks, I was wondering if it was the same as food and if I should count SOFT drinks.",Question About Macronutrients
1444,phc75o,nutrition,"I feel like I would be able to resist the urge if I could walk into the kitchen without seeing so much junk food. When I asked my parents if they could stop buying so much junk or buy a mini fridge and keep it all in there, they just laughed at me. Do you guys have any advice on how I can fight this temptation? At this rate I'm just gonna keep getting fatter until I move out.","Everytime I start eating healthy, all the junk my parents keep in the kitchen tempts me back into being unhealthy."
1445,pha7f0,nutrition,"I thought it is, but someone said I'm wrong","Is chili con carne (minced beef, kidney beans, sweet corn...) a calorie-dense food?"
1446,ph9bao,nutrition,"I know mayo has a lot of calories. But other than that, is it really unhealthy?

If you need more calories in your diet and choose a natural mayo made with ex rapeseed oil (and yolk, vinegar + flavoring) isn’t mayo then a good choice?",Mayonaise — is it really unhealthy?
1447,ph96c3,nutrition,"Hey guys,   
I'm really mixed up. How many grams does 300g of popcorn (unpopped) become when popped? Plus, how man calories are in that amount of popcorn?  
Thanks!",popcorn calories
1448,ph8jy4,nutrition,"It’s no wonder why everyone’s fat. It’s like unless you’re amongst the few that carry their meals around, you don’t have a choice but to eat shit.

Still tryna figure out what I’m going to have for lunch. I refuse to eat shit.",WHY ARE THERR SO MANY JUNK FOOD RESTAURANTS AND HARDLY ANY HEALTHY ESTABLISHMENTS??
1449,ph7dp6,nutrition,I recently enjoyed adding some raw gluten to my fruit smoothies for texture and added protein. Is it possible to absorb the protein content of it?,Ingesting raw gluten
1450,ph4024,nutrition,"I got Domino's about 2 months ago (give or take) and got a thing of their Parmesan Bites with my pizza, and I had 4 left, so I put them in the bottom of my fridge and said ""I'll eat 'em later"". I completely forgot about them until I rediscovered them earlier today. I would like to eat them but do you think they'd have mold or anything by now (like in the middle or anywhere inside)? They look completely normal from the outside. Any insight or advice would be appreciated! Thanks :)",I accidentally left 4 Domino's Parmesan Bread Bites in my fridge for about 2 months (in a plastic baggy). Are they still good to eat?
1451,ph2uhc,nutrition,"Hey! 

So does your body take as much energy to break down protein from meat, than from protein in shakes, protein bars and plant based sources?",Protein source and body's energy used to break it down
1452,pgxgna,nutrition,So let’s say I hit all my nutrition goals and decided to have a sugary drink is that necessarily bad? Is the only bad thing about added sugars the fact that it’s empty calories or is there more to it?,What exactly is so bad about added sugars?
1453,pgwcjm,nutrition,"Hello - 

Does anyone have any suggestions on ways us use this that are also tasty?

The only way I’ve been successful is with energy bites consisting of oats, peanut butter, flaxseed and honey. 

Thanks!",Ground Flaxseed
1454,pgw3z8,nutrition,Thank you in advanced for your thoughts.,"Is it unhealthy to eat the same foods daily? If so, how long should one wait before eating recccuring foods?"
1455,pgv7rw,nutrition,Net Carbs are the main selling point to all protein substitute foods seen in grocery stores. Are Net Carbs a marketing gimmick or helpful for progress?,Are Net Carbs Placebo?
1456,pguuj4,nutrition,Can someone explain how blood sugar works with a non diabetic,Blood sugar question
1457,pgso8q,nutrition, How true is this?,Does cod oil strengthen bones?
1458,pgqwy1,nutrition," Which flavor is the most tasty with oats?

I barely drink a protein shake without oats so.. I prefer going for flavor that goes well with oats inside

thanks :D",Which Dymatize ISO-100 Flavor With Oats?
1459,pgq55v,nutrition," Was asked to help plan meals for kindergarten children, the problem is I never worked with such age groups, therefore, lack knowledge and experience. Because of that, I'm looking for some solid idea materials for kindergarten children nutrition- recipe ideas, general recommendations, useful websites, or anything that would help. Usually, I would never accept such an offer but it is for a relative and I couldn't really say no.

Any help would be awesome.",Sources for Kindergarten nutrition planning
1460,pgphfc,nutrition,"Let's say I've decided to go 50% carbs, 25% fats and 25% protein.

How exactly do I prepare a meal according to this??

I know I'm supposed to use a scale to measure the food, but it's just not making sense.

Am I first supposed to figure out what the total weight of my meal should be and then weigh out the food according to 4 calories and 9 calories per gram?",Preparing meals according to Macros.
1461,pgp8qk,nutrition,"Why do legumes cause gas? Also, does continually eating them reduce the amount of gas produced, and if so why?",Legume question.
1462,pgoz9j,nutrition,"Hello everybody, I am looking for books or sources to increase my knowledge on nutrition from a scientific point of view (physiology, biochemistry). Specifically on vegetarian and vegan diet. Any suggestions?",Best books to learn nutrition ?
1463,pgom4j,nutrition,Most people eat so much saturated fat that you only hear that you should reduce it but is there actually a point at which reducing saturated fat intake becomes a problem even if your total fat intake is in the healthy range?,Is there a minimal amount of saturated fat that people need to be healthy?
1464,pgo5qn,nutrition,"I haven't yet come across any studies that address this issue. There are, however, a lot of articles about how someone might overcome emotional eating, like meditation, calorie-tracking, etc. Just not sure how valid or evidence-based these takes are. Thank you!",What nutritional strategies are proven to help with emotional or stress over-eating?
1465,pgo0jm,nutrition,So I guess every food has calories but people say stevia has 0 calorias and it’s the perfect sugar replacement ?,Does stevia really have 0 cals?
1466,pgnmha,nutrition,I like to eat 3 or 4 hours before boxing so I don’t throw up when i get hit. So i’m wondering would it eating almond butter toast and banana 3 or 4 hours before boxing be bad because a banana is med to high GI and will maybe cause a sugar crash before i even train? So should i save that meal for if I didn’t eat at my ideal time period and have to eat closer to 1 or 2 hours? And would it be better to eat oatmeal and berries for the 3 hour window because of complex carbs + low gi fruits?,meal 3 hrs before boxing vs 1 hrs
1467,pgmey9,nutrition,"UK based. I've been using Lidl unsweetened almond milk but it smells distinctly of marzipan, which i cannot stomach.

&amp;#x200B;

Is there a brand/type which doesn't have this unique taste and smell?",Almond milk without marzipan taste
1468,pgg562,nutrition,"Hey,

What is the minimal percentage of your daily nutrition you \*must\* get to thrive? Getting 100% of the nutrients you need isn't obvious. Is eating half of it enough? 

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks for the help and have a good day !",How many nutrients to eat to thrive?
1469,pge328,nutrition,"Is there a way to track micro nutrients such as vitamins, minerals and amino acids?",Micro Nutrient Tracker?
1470,pgcptu,nutrition,"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fatty_acid_ratio_in_food#Optimal_ratio_of_omega-6_to_omega-3_fats 

The only thing where omega 3 wins seems to be fish and vegetables (but the latter contain barely any fats at all so can be neglected), and a few oils. The optimal ratio is said to be 1:1, how are you ever supposed to get that unless you eat 3 whole salmons a day (which has other downsides)?",How are you supposed to get a good omega 6 omega 3 ratio when basically all foods are higher in omega6?
1471,pgcixx,nutrition,Does the calorie measurement process take into account how many calories the body can absorb effectively? Or does the body always get the maximum amount of calories from human digestible food? How much calories does wood have?,How are calories in food even measured?
1472,pgby21,nutrition,"Are there any commonalities between all of these foods: tomato paste, peaches, black beans, sweet potatoes, &amp; asparagus ?

I can't seem to find anything obvious anywhere online. Wondering if anyone on this sub can help shed some light. Thanks in advance!",Any commonality between all of these specific foods?
1473,pg9n7l,nutrition,Does a low protein bioavailability affect how your body absorbs calories as well as protein or will it only affect the protein absorption?,How does protein bioavailability work?
1474,pg96vi,nutrition,Any suggestions appreciated,"Training for a bodybuilding competition, any good, fatty meals to increase muscle mass?"
1475,pg8y75,nutrition,"This almost seems too good to be true from purely a protein standpoint. Are there issues with digestion or bioavailability that don’t allow you to absorb all of the protein, or something of that sort?",Do collagen peptides really give you 18 grams of protein for 70 calories?
1476,pg7avx,nutrition,Spinach + something else?,Nutritional sandwich?
1478,pg6fnm,nutrition,"Many of us are familiar with the benefits of Omega 3s: from cognition enhancement, to heart health, to lowering inflammation, and more. But how many can discern the inverse relationship Omega 3s have with trans fats? What about the prevalence of these harmful fatty acids?

Viewing the evidence, it appears consumption of fried foods and trans fats can cause mild birth defects that permanently harm cognition of offspring. It can be explained by neurotoxicity decreasing the ability of endogenous antioxidants[^(\[34\])](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC7231579/) and altering Omega 3 metabolism. This can lead to a weaker prefrontal cortex (PFC), enhanced addictive behavior and decreased cognition. Theoretically, this could directly play into the pathogenesis of ADHD, and its frequent occurrence.

In 2018 the FDA placed a ban on trans fats, when ironically the makers of partial hydrogenation were given a nobel prize in 1912. This post serves as a testament to the cruelty of modernity, its implications in cognitive dysfunction, and what you should stay away from.

**Trans fats, abundant in the western diet:**

* **Surprisingly common:** The temperature at which foods are fried renders common cooking oils trans fats.[^(\[1\])](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0308814616309141)[^(\[2\])](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24033334/) Time worsens this reaction, though it transitions exponentially and within minutes. It is not uncommon for oil to be heated for hours. Given how inseperable fried food is from western cuisine, especially in low income areas (think fast food, southern cooking), this demands more attention.
* **Seasoning matters:** There appears to be mild evidence that frying at a lower heat, and with rosemary, can reduce trans fats formation supposedly due to antioxidant properties.[^(\[17\])](https://grasasyaceites.revistas.csic.es/index.php/grasasyaceites/article/view/689/700)

**The relationship of trans fats, polyunsaturated fats and mental disorders:**

* **Trans fats may cause an Omega 3 deficiency:** Omega 3s are primarily known for their anti-inflammatory effects, usually secondary to DHA and EPA. But there's more to it than that. Trans fats block the conversion of ALA to EPA and DHA.[^(\[3\])](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC4190204/) This means that in some, trans fats can upset Omega 3 function in a similar manner to a deficiency.
* **ADHD:** There is significant correlation betweens **ADHD** and trans fats exposure.[^(\[20\])](https://sci-hub.se/https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1651-2227.2012.02726.x) It seems the inverse relationship between Omega 3s and trans fats is multifaceted. A major role of Omega 3s, and its relevance to **ADHD** is its potent neurotrophic activity in the PFC.[^(\[10\])](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC2844685/) Studies have found that **ADHD** is associated with weaker function and structure of PFC circuits, especially in the right hemisphere.[^(\[11\])](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC2894421/) Trans fats have a negative effect on offspring BDNF, learning and memory.[^(\[21\])](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25394793/) Omega 3s inhibit MAOB in the PFC[^(\[6\])](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/9868201/), which decreases oxidative stress and toxicity from dopamine, and simultaneously inhibits its breakdown. Of less relevance, various MAOIs have been investigated as potential treatments for **ADHD**.[^(\[7\])](https://www.reddit.com/r/Nootropics/comments/owmcgz/2003_seligiline_treats_adhd_with_less_side/)[^(\[8\])](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/1546129/)[^(\[9\])](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10216387/) Unfortunately, most meta analyses concluded Omega 3 ineffective for **ADHD**, however they are majorly flawed as an Omega 3 deficiency is not cured until a minimal of 3 months.[^(\[22\])](https://sci-hub.se/https://www.jaacap.org/article/S0890-8567(11)00484-9/fulltext)[^(\[23\])](https://sci-hub.se/https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0022395618310185?via%3Dihub) Omega 3s have been proposed to help **ADHD** for a long time, but if they are to help through neurogenesis and a transition in pathways, it would be a long-term process. While **ADHD** may acutely function better with a low quality, dopamine-releasing diet containing trans fats[^(\[23\])](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC6572510/) and while Omega 3s may, through anti-inflammatory/ anti-oxidant mechanisms, partially attenuate mother's offspring stimulant-induced increases in dopamine/ D1 density, downregulated D2 density[^(\[24\])](https://sci-hub.se/https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007%2Fs12640-015-9549-5), this is not an argument in favor for trans fats or agaist Omega 3; rather, data hints at trans fat induced CDK5 activation, secondary to dopamine release. The mechanism by which trans fats may increase dopamine lead to dysregulation, as explained in posts prior to this one.[^(\[25\])](https://www.reddit.com/r/Nootropics/comments/ovfzwg/a_sciencebased_analysis_on_dopamine_upregulation/)
* **Bipolar disorder:** DHA deficiency and thus lack of PFC protection is associated with **bipolar disorder**.[^(\[12\])](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC2838627/)  **Bipolar depression** is significantly improved by supplementary Omega 3s.[^(\[14\])](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21903025/) This could be largely in part due to the modulatory effect of Omega 3s on neurotransmitters.
* **Generalized anxiety:** Trans fat is linked to More trans fats in red blood cell fatty acid composition is associated with worse stress and **anxiety**. More Omega 3s and Omega 6s have positive effects.[^(\[15\])](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC7193237/) Trans fat intake during pregnancy or lactation increases **anxiety**\-like behavior and alters proinflammatory cytokines and glucocorticoid receptor levels in the hippocampus of adult offspring.[^(\[16\])](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0361923020307024) In addition, Omega 3s were shown to improve stress and **anxiety** in both healthy humans[^(\[27\])](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC3191260/) and mice[^(\[26\])](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC6308198/). Some possible explanations are changes to inflammatory response, BDNF, cortisol, and cardiovascular activity.[^(\[28\])](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30264663/)
* **Autism:** Maternal intake of Omega 3s and polyunsaturated fats inversely correlates with **autism**, however trans fat intakes do not significantly increase chances after proper adjustment.[^(\[4\])](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23813699/)[^(\[18\])](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC3988447/) Maternal immune activation (MIA), mother fighting a virus/ bacteria during pregnancy, is thought to increase the risk of **autism** and **ADHD** in the offspring. A deficiency in Omega 3s during pregnancy worsened these effects, enhancing the damage to the gut microbiome.[^(\[5\])](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41386-020-00793-7) The data suggests trans fats have only a loose correlation with **autism**, whereas prenatal Omega 3 deficiency is more severe. Omega 3 supplementation can improve traits unrelated to functioning and social behavior.[^(\[19\])](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC5634395/)

**Other toxicity of trans fats:**

* **Under-researched dangers:** Combining trans fat with palmitate (common saturated fat) exaggerates the toxic effects of trans fat.[^(\[29\])](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30572061/)
* **Cardiotoxic:** Trans fat is cardiotoxic and linked to heart disease.[^(\[30\])](https://sci-hub.se/https://linkinghub.elsevier.com/retrieve/pii/S0278691515000435)

**Other studies on fried food:**

* **Depression and anxiety:** High fried food intake associated with higher risk for **depression.**[^(\[31\])](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC5025553/) a western diet, containing fried foods, is found to increase risk of **depression** and **anxiety**.[^(\[33\])](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20048020/)
* **Cognition (relevant to ADHD):** Children develop better when mothers consume fish and avoid fried food.[^(\[32\])](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC5623570/)
* **Bipolar disorder:** Fried foods are craved significantly more by those with bipolar disorder, and likely eaten more frequently.

This post is made by u/sirsadalot, however much appreciation to u/Regenine for sparking my interest with over 10 fascinating studies.

**References:**

1. [https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0308814616309141](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0308814616309141)
2. [https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24033334/](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/24033334/)
3. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC4190204/](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC4190204/)
4. [https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23813699/](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/23813699/)
5. [https://www.nature.com/articles/s41386-020-00793-7](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41386-020-00793-7)
6. [https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/9868201/](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/9868201/)
7. [https://www.reddit.com/r/Nootropics/comments/owmcgz/2003\_seligiline\_treats\_adhd\_with\_less\_side/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Nootropics/comments/owmcgz/2003_seligiline_treats_adhd_with_less_side/)
8. [https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/1546129/](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/1546129/)
9. [https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10216387/](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10216387/)
10. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC2844685/](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC2844685/)
11. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC2894421/](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC2894421/)
12. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC2838627/](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC2838627/)
13. [https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30594823/](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30594823/)
14. [https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21903025/](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21903025/)
15. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC7193237/](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC7193237/)
16. [https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0361923020307024](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0361923020307024)
17. [https://grasasyaceites.revistas.csic.es/index.php/grasasyaceites/article/view/689/700](https://grasasyaceites.revistas.csic.es/index.php/grasasyaceites/article/view/689/700)
18. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC3988447/](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC3988447/)
19. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC5634395/](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC5634395/)
20. [https://sci-hub.se/https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1651-2227.2012.02726.x](https://sci-hub.se/https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1651-2227.2012.02726.x)
21. [https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25394793/](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/25394793/)
22. [https://sci-hub.se/https://www.jaacap.org/article/S0890-8567(11)00484-9/fulltext](https://sci-hub.se/https://www.jaacap.org/article/S0890-8567(11)00484-9/fulltext)
23. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC6572510/](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC6572510/)
24. [https://sci-hub.se/https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007%2Fs12640-015-9549-5](https://sci-hub.se/https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007%2Fs12640-015-9549-5)
25. [https://www.reddit.com/r/Nootropics/comments/ovfzwg/a\_sciencebased\_analysis\_on\_dopamine\_upregulation/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Nootropics/comments/ovfzwg/a_sciencebased_analysis_on_dopamine_upregulation/)
26. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC6308198/](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC6308198/)
27. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC3191260/](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC3191260/)
28. [https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30264663/](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30264663/)
29. [https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30572061/](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/30572061/)
30. [https://sci-hub.se/https://linkinghub.elsevier.com/retrieve/pii/S0278691515000435](https://sci-hub.se/https://linkinghub.elsevier.com/retrieve/pii/S0278691515000435)
31. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC5025553/](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC5025553/)
32. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC5623570/](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC5623570/)
33. [https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20048020/](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/20048020/)
34. [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC7231579/](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/labs/pmc/articles/PMC7231579/)","The relationship between fried foods, Omega 3s and mental health."
1479,pg4kx8,nutrition,"I was a vegetarian for 20 years, then plant-based for the last 5.   Last week I lapsed and ate 2 slices of pizza.  Oy.  Such gas pain &amp; bloat. It lasted 2 days.  I never had a problem with dairy during my vegetarian days.  Does my gut now  lack whatever it needs to process dairy?   What the heck happened?",Can your body “forget” how to digest dairy?
1480,pg40yl,nutrition,"Not asking about fats in general, just saturated fat.",Is there a such thing as not getting enough saturated fat?
1481,pg2vi7,nutrition,"If I mix baking soda (sodium bicarbonate) to something like apple cider vinegar/lemon juice/malic acid, does it take away any of the properties of that acidic ingredient by turning the solution alkaline?","If I mix something alkaline to an acidic food, does it compromise the food in any way?"
1482,pg20wv,nutrition,"Hey guys, I came across this great website where you can read short but insightful posts on anything related to nutrition, mental health, fitness, psychology, healing, etc. Check it out!",Food as a Reflection
1483,pfzcae,nutrition,Greetings to the users here on r/nutrition and thank you for reaching out to me regarding,"How much calcium does an adult over the age of 25 need, and what foods should they ideally source it from?"
1484,pfypxt,nutrition,"I can’t find a clear answer to this anywhere. I know that fried stuff always contains trans-fat, but what about baked potatoe chips? 

Can someone elaborate if they do/why (not)? :)",Do baked potatoe chips contain trans-fats?
1485,pfxyj4,nutrition,"Does anyone know what the “11% organic alcohol” is in the product linked below? Is this ethanol or a sugar alcohol? 

Thanks!

[365 by Whole Foods Stevia](https://www.wholefoodsmarket.com/product/organic-liquid%20stevia%20extract,%208%20fl%20oz-b07883hxx7)",Alcohol in Stevia?
1486,pfwo3b,nutrition,"https://www.skroutz.gr/s/3385600/Lamberts-A-to-Z-Multivitamins-60-%CF%84%CE%B1%CE%BC%CF%80%CE%BB%CE%AD%CF%84%CE%B5%CF%82.html#description-specifications

does that help? Any side effects or is good for better body and brain perfomance?

Translate in english tha page with google if you are gonna see it",Is this supplement good?
1487,pfwck5,nutrition,"Simple Question. Suppose a person lifts and has muscle. Same person has some fat.

If he has a calorie deficit for 1-2 weeks without exercising will his body consume the fat for energy? Will the muscle wane only from disuse since it’s not being broken down significantly through activity?

Suppose he doesn’t want to lose muscle from a 2-week period of under eating and no exercise.",Effect of Short Term Calorie Deficit
1488,pfw9mv,nutrition,"My company is investigation both Alfa Vitamins and MRM Nutrition because after testing their   
 collagen products, we found that they'd significantly over promised the amount of protein content. This is usually the main reason people take a collagen product though they have some vitamins and minerals as well. I'm wondering if anyone has had success (or any experience really) with these products despite the missing protein.

We are looking into Alfa's Collagen C Hydrolysate with Vitamin C and MRM Nutrition's Bone Maximizer with Collagen.",Has anyone here tried Alfa Vitamins or MRM Nutrition products? Specifically their collagen products?
1489,pfw8q5,nutrition,Hello. Curious to know your thoughts on it. Do you like it? Is it healthy?,What are your thoughts on chamomile tea?
1490,pfw2r9,nutrition,"Trying to follow the rules and not include any cont\*xt, Just looking ffor a good jumping off point to start eating an anti-inflammatory diet While keeping preparation and cooking as simple as possible both for hands and for time/ease So that I will actually follow it",Point me in the direction of a very easy to cook ( not a lot of chopping/hand use bc RSI) anti-inflammatory diet regimen/starting point/book or other resources if you can. Thank you so much
1491,pfvzaa,nutrition,"Sugar in fruit is considered less unhealthy since it is frequently ""locked"" in fiber and therefore some does not get absorbed.

Does this effect extend to sugar/fat eaten just after having something fiber heavy? So, consumed separately but in the same meal. Can soluble fiber in the stomach just before the fatty/sugary food reduce the absorption of fat/sugar in the body? If so, how extreme is the effect? What would be the best timing?",Does consuming fiber just before a fat/sugar rich meal reduce fat/sugar absorption?
1492,pfvq3b,nutrition,"Are olives healthy?

Which kind of olives should you eat, (the ones from a glass in a supermarket, fresh from a local market, black, green, etc...)?

Anything to consider?",Info on olives?
1493,pfvpuv,nutrition,I hear the psylium husk binds to everything and I worry that if taking it in at night along with my gaviscon they'll interfere with eachother.,Would psylium husk stop gaviscon from working?
1494,pfrfyh,nutrition,"How bad is it if I’m getting fatter from eating too much fruit, nuts, olive oil and whole grains like oats, brown rice? Does it defeat the purpose of eating healthy foods if you eat too much of it?",Is weight gain from overeating healthy food bad?
1495,pfr9z4,nutrition,"Suggestions for healthy foods with many nutrients/calories that are easy to eat (both preparing, carrying and eating) for healthy weight gain with low appetite 😊",High calorie/nutrition foods that are easy to eat
1496,pfqa5i,nutrition,What happens when most of your protein is obtained from protein shakes and where are the best sources to obtain the nutrients lacking in protein shakes please?,Questions about protein shakes
1497,pfpeic,nutrition,"First, I must ask what a processed food is, considering   [https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/nutritionsource/processed-foods/](https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/nutritionsource/processed-foods/)  says that cutting, freezing, storing, or even CLEANING a food means it is processed. SO in context of a food being bad, what does it mean to be processed to the point of the food being bad?

Furthermore, when looking at the nutrition facts label, processed foods might have a lot of sodium, but others might not have that much sodium, but a lot of sugar. Are processed foods just foods with excess of some nutrient?

IS the reason that processed foods are bad even noticeable on the nutrition facts label, or is this reason separate?",Why are processed foods bad?
1499,pfoeio,nutrition,"Did you know that Fat is actually good for your brain? Therefore choosing the right fat is vital. I found this topic on [https://fitminds.ca/brain-health-nutrition-your-fat-brain/](https://fitminds.ca/brain-health-nutrition-your-fat-brain/) very interesting.

What do you suggest?",Importance of Fat for brain development
1500,pfn495,nutrition,"To give this some context.. this diet is supposed to treat autoimmune conditions. I found a doctor that’s healed her own disease by being on a raw vegan diet (16 years and counting), which she advocates for others. You eat a minimum of 2lbs of high nutrient vegetables a day (cruciferous, dark leafy greens), 1/4 cup vegan Omega-3’s, and drink water.  Everything else is off plan (including fruit). All that said, how sustainable is this diet long term? What would you need to supplement? And if someone were to take the necessary supplements, would the body get everything it needs?",Can you be healthy eating only raw vegetables?
1501,pfldqh,nutrition,"I'm looking to get back into meal prepping after stopping for a while. I used to cook 2 meals a day, lunch was a protein heavy dish like chicken, fish, or beef tacos and dinner was whole wheat pasta with a sauce made from blended roatsed vegetables.I could definetly pick this prep up again, but I worry I would be missing out on an opportunity for better nutrition. 

What are some easy, multi use staples to incorporate in my meal prep? 
What vegetables, fruits, meats ect should I prioritize to maximize nutrition while minimizing complexity?",What's the skeleton of a solid meal prep?
1502,pfkkb2,nutrition,"Hey y'all, idk if this would be categorized as ""personal situation"" but do you have any information on how a person who is incredibly busy can eat a nutritionally adequate diet? Work full time on-site &amp; I attend an online university, schedule is always crammed. I can get groceries delivered to save time on grocery trips. Aside from pre-cut fruit &amp; ready-made salads, what are some super duper quick heathy options?",Nutrition For Incredibly Busy People?
1503,pfjf9r,nutrition,"So, i joined the army. In AIT now, time to get in good shape right? Its been quite hard to get quality protiens with the dfac food that im forced to eat 3 times a day, not a great start to my fitness journey, but we’re getting there.

The main problem is that i really only get to have protien those 3 times, minus a shake after a workout in the afternoon. So most of my meals i end up trying to eat around 40-60g of protien in a sitting, which back home i would try to span out in many small meals. 

Is eating three square meals like this detrimental to gaining muscle mass or losing body fat? Any tips on what time of day would be best to take in the most nutrients?",Best time of day to take in large amounts of protien?
1504,pfip5c,nutrition,"If I take a can of garbanzo beans and rinse them, how much zinc would be in the whole can?  I'm asking here because looking online the results aren't specific and vague.


Thank you all!",How much zinc is in one 16 oz can of garbanzo beans?
1505,pfika6,nutrition,I see a lot of contradicting opinions on the internet regarding how white rice is far inferior to that of brown rice.  Is the difference really that significant assuming that diet elsewhere is well accounted for (in terms of fiber and vitamins)?,"Is there anything aside the fiber content that makes brown rice ""healthier"" than white rice"
1506,pfhyk4,nutrition,"After taking psyllium husk, how long is it advisable to wait before eating? Ultimately, I am wondering if psyllium husk impacts digestion and absorption of nutritients and supplements if taken too close with it.   


Any help is appreciated!",How long to wait to eat after taking psyllium husk?
1507,pfhutw,nutrition,"https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/32139409/

What do you think about it all",Vitamin C supplementation reduces the odds of developing a common cold in Republic of Korea Army recruits: randomised controlled trial - 80% lower infection 1444 patient study 6000 mg/day
1508,pfcnd1,nutrition,"I want to buy kelp because of it's iodine content, but I can't find how much I should take. I know the recommended daily intake is 150 micrograms so I thought that 100 micrograms from kelp should be enough because I also get a bit from other sources.",How much kelp powder is needed for a 100 micrograms of iodine?
1510,pfasgf,nutrition,I just read that milk is actually bad for health and all these years it has been advertised as it’s good for bones and everyone should have it. But It turned out that that’s wrong!,Is milk bad for health?
1511,pfa2pn,nutrition,"Chocolate, cookies, ice cream – a sweet tooth’s lover's dream! Indulging in an occasional treat is good for your emotional well-being. But when you consume sugar regularly, your body is never satisfied.

Of the more than 600,000 food products found on the typical grocery’s shelf, 80 percent contain added sugar. The average person consumes one pound of sugar a day 

Sugar cravings can be difficult to overcome but intermittent fasting can help. When one begins fasting for the day, the hunger-suppressing hormone leptin levels initially increase, appetite decreases and sweet tooth desires lessen. 

When one stays in a fasted state for a long period, leptin levels start to drop. This may cause feelings of increased hunger and desires for sugar the first couple of weeks. As leptin levels normalize, hunger and sugar cravings subside and in time the sugar craving cycle can be broken.

Read the full article here : [https://www.women-fasting.com/articles/intermittent-fasting-sugar-cravings](https://www.women-fasting.com/articles/intermittent-fasting-sugar-cravings)",Say Goodbye To Sugar Cravings With Intermittent Fasting
1512,pf8mmp,nutrition,"To anyone who uses super greens…what’s your favorite brand/flavor? I’m interested in bloomnu, but I don’t know.",Question about super greens
1513,pf8k2u,nutrition,My bloodwork came back with low HDL. I came across a few studies that showed that 2 cups of cranberry juice daily can raise HDL. Has anyone tried this? My plan is to implement the cranberry juice and more fish to increase my HDL.,Does anyone have experience with cranberry juice raising your HDL?
1514,pf81xk,nutrition,"I was definitely on the macros are everything train. But the more I read on this sub, its obviously about calories in v out and as long as you get your protein macros are secondary if at all relevant.  


Im just wondering why all these big time fitness trainers dont just get their calories from less clean foods that taste good, which have more calories anyway.  


As in, why arent they just having 2 big macs and a protein shake instead of mountains of rice and chicken?",Why do big time fitness trainers eat mountains of brown rice and chicken?
1515,pf7qoy,nutrition,I’ve done some reading online about this but want to check with the community. Will the sugars from a big fruit smoothie in the morning have any negative impacts?,Eating a lot of fruit first thing in the morning
1516,pf7fiq,nutrition,"I’ve tried NAC, glycine selenium, and haven’t felt benefits besides increased mucus. I always find articles and studies on web saying “NAC couses oxidative stress here and there”, “flushes out this and this”, “proper glutathione syntesis needs this and this”. I’m tired of this. Please help!",What is the most effective way to raise cellular glutathione levels?
1517,pf7cxq,nutrition,"Hello!

I've come to a cross roads in my educational career and I'm trying to search for new things that interest me. I've gotten really into bodybuilding over the past couple years and I was thinking about perusing Nutritional Sciences as it would incorporate something that I really like doing into my study. My other two options are a Statistics major or a Medical Administration major. Just wondering what kind of jobs are available or if its a good major in general but any information would be appreciated.",Nutritional Sciences Degree?
1518,pf6b0s,nutrition,"I was wondering if there are any new insights in the harm of moderate alcohol consumption.

I've read multiple studies (somewhat older). The best seemed to be the ""Lancet 2018 Hallmark Metastudy Risk thresholds for alcohol consumption: combined analysis of individual-participant data for 599 912 current drinkers in 83 prospective studies""
with the main conclusion being ""In comparison to those who reported drinking &gt;0–≤100 g per week, those who reported drinking &gt;100–≤200 g per week, &gt;200–≤350 g per week, or &gt;350 g per week had lower life expectancy at age 40 years of approximately 6 months, 1–2 years, or 4–5 years, respectively.  Associations were similar for men and women (appendix p 26), but weaker at older ages (appendix p 27)."".

Moderate consumption is around one to two drinks a day, or a total of 7 to 14 drinks a week which boils down to 100-200gr alcohol a week if my mathematics are correct.

I am in that range, drinking 1 to 3 drinks on 3 to 5 days a week, and would like to continue doing so. What are the newest insights in the harmfulness of this level of consumption and any ways to help mitigate or minimise any harm beyond reducing alcohol?

If not, I'll have to look into reducing consumption but, anecdotally (I know...), most people I know consume more than I do so I was wondering a bit about the cost/benefit side of things.",How harmful is moderate alcohol consumption &amp; how to minimise harm?
1519,pf684i,nutrition,"**Mates**, I don't know if its a dumb question. We all know about **chia seeds** and its nutritional value. Mainly, **chia seeds** are produced in central or south America. But India or south Asia is also in the list that produce **chias**. My question is, are there any nutritional differences because of the variety of country origin? Enlighten me please🙏. Thanks.",Chia Seeds Nutrition
1520,pf5lxw,nutrition,"I'm going out for drinks. I'll drink a decent deal. What are some better choices of drinks (of course it's not a ""healthy"" choice, but there is still better and worse even in an unhealthy category)",What is the best option for drinks out in terms of health?
1521,pf466p,nutrition,"Can someone explain this nutrition label lol

https://gyazo.com/36f73b33d9f912c676f911d891997223",Nutrition lable
1522,pf2hzo,nutrition,I’m looking for a meat to put into a salad I can have daily tuna was my first choice but yk the Mercury,What meat is nutritionally similar to tuna and can be put into a salad?
1523,pf0mnk,nutrition,"So I recently learned that for centuries, working people in Europe ate their most significant meal during the afternoon. Breakfast would be something that's readily available in the morning like eggs, dairy or something that could be prepared overnight without any oversight like oats. Dinner would be enjoyed in the afternoon and be a heavy meal that consist of fish, meat, veggies and carbs to fuel yourself for heavy labor throughout the day and supper would be a light meal of bread, soup, cured meats, etc. 

It became fashionable for the upper classes (aka people who did jack shit all day) to start postponing dinner later and later until they ended up eating dinner in the evening. The industrial revolution sealed the deal because strict work times meant the working class only had time for quick, prepared lunches during the afternoon. 

When you think about it it makes little sense, why would you eat light before the busiest time of the day and then fill yourself up to just lie around and sleep? That's how you end up with late afternoon sugar dips. I would even go as far as to speculate that not being full during the busiest time of day is a big factor when it comes to overeating. 

Is there any literature on what's the best time to have the most significant meal of the day?",Is there any merit to eating the largest meal in the afternoon? Is there literature supporting this?
1524,pez2jj,nutrition,"Can someone put light on this? Do we need to eat more vegetables to gain same amount of energy and nutrient compared to animal+vegetable based diet? 

And if we eat more to gain certain nutrient/vitamins wouldn't we consuming more calories leading to overeating?

Thank you!",If we are on plant based diet do we need to eat more to gain same amount of energy as Mixed diet?
1526,pextzz,nutrition,"Can they really be a healthy alternative to normal sugars, or are they just as bad enough to increase the risk of getting ""the d word"" (if you know what I mean). For example, can you eat sugar free jello without having to worry about carbs or health problems?",Are artificial sweeteners safe to eat daily???
1527,pevuuf,nutrition,"Hi - I was hoping to find an easy, sustainable meal that is super quick to prepare all the while being incredibly healthy.",Is there a meal I can eat multiple times that can give me everything I need nutrient wise?
1528,pes2fi,nutrition,"I've been reading about stories of this. People will at first be delighted that they started passing bulky, easy-to-pass stools but then later notice that all those stools were orange (same colour as the metamucil). Whilst the brown, hard-to-pass stool comes later on.

Thoughts or your own experiences?","Is it true that Psyllium husk just forms into own lump, ""buds"" to the front of the line and only makes an illusion like you passed an bulky, easy stool when the real food you ate never mixed with the Psyllium and still lagging behind?"
1529,peqqoh,nutrition,Some say PUFA are unhealthy but doesn’t it depend on the source? Why would I avoid fish or nuts since they contain PUFA when eating those are much more beneficial than consuming vegetable oils or other sources of PUFA?,Are all PUFA equal? PUFA from healthy sources such as fish or nuts must be better than PUFA from vegetable oils correct?
1530,peqaej,nutrition,Just looking for y’all’s thoughts on the matter. I’ve noticed my skin has been looking better in combination with fairly clean eating.,Is squeezing a lemon into a cup of water good?
1531,peq1bd,nutrition,Just wondring how healthy/unhealthy it is to eat for breakfast [https://www.kelloggs.com/en\_US/products/kellogg-s-corn-flakes-cereal-product.html](https://www.kelloggs.com/en_US/products/kellogg-s-corn-flakes-cereal-product.html),How healthy/unhealthy is eating kellogg's corn flakes with 3% fat milk for breakfast?
1532,peii2y,nutrition,"I wanted to make this post about lactose intolerance (NOT dairy allergy) in the hope that people who have recently found out they are lactose intolerant or want to try to avoid lactose will save themselves the hassle and not make the same mistakes I did for the last 15 years. 

**What is lactose intolerance?**

It is when our bodies cannot break down a sugar found in milk called lactose.

Our bodies use an enzyme called lactase to break down that sugar so we can absorb it into our bodies. But people with lactose intolerance don’t have enough lactase. It’s produced in the small intestine.

Around 40% of people are lactose intolerant from the age of 2 and can cause things like gas, bloating and diarrhea.

Many people don’t know that lactose intolerant people can have many forms of dairy without the nasty side affects.

For instance: Extra Mature Cheddar, Parmigiano Reggiano, Comté are all hard cows cheeses which (if aged enough) have very little to no lactose compared to milk, butter, or soft cows cheeses. This is because the aging process converts lactose into lactic acid. 

https://www.nutrition.org.uk/nutritionscience/allergy/lactose-intolerance.html?start=2

You see it especially with very aged parmigiana reggiano - little crystals forming which signs of that conversion. 

Other cheeses are those made with Goats milk, sheep’s milk, or buffalo milk  haven’t got substantially lower amounts of lactose but due to having a different protein and fat makeup, anecdotal evidence suggests that these milks and their cheeses may be easier to digest. 


https://www.healthline.com/nutrition/does-goat-milk-have-lactose#lactose-in-goat-milk

Of course if you have a dairy allergy you can’t have any of those cheeses or dairy, and someone who has a severe intolerance should still avoid all dairy but it’s worth telling your friends who are lactose intolerant, that there’s a wide variety of cheeses that they can (probably) digest very well.

Yours sincerely, a lactose intolerant cheese fanatic. 

Disclaimer: I’m not a registered dietician or a doctor, you should speak to your doctor before you make any changes to your diet.",What I learnt about dairy products after being lactose intolerant (and avoiding lactose) for the last 15 years.
1533,peia6t,nutrition,"As per title!

Basically, there was a thread debating the use of supplements and potential side effects / issues. I wanted this to be the flip. Ideally, cheap/budget oriented everyday foods/supplements.

My doctors have usually gone with KiwiFruit or BlueBerries (both frozen/fresh for both) &amp; potatoes as the go-to’s in this space.

Also helps they’re cheap, easy to access, and studied for decades if not centuries.",Most scientifically researched “superfoods” / supplements?
1534,pehw4p,nutrition,"A specific example would be something like Ensure. One ensure plus drink has about as much sugar added to it as you'll find in a medium apple. Because of this it gets a lot of flack. However, from everything I read, the only explanation I can find as to why sugar in fruit is better for you than added is sugars, is because the fruit comes paired with fiber and other nutrients, which slows the absorption of glucose, which means you don't get the insulin spike. If that is true, then is there really any real difference between consuming the ensure, and consuming the fruit? The ensure has protein, fat, and fiber added (some of them at least.) so it is paired with these things.

One caveat here, is I realize the ensure won't have the antioxidants a fruit will have.

This sugar issue confuses me because I see people saying sugar should be limited, but that fruits are OK and an exception. That doesn't make much sense to me. Should I limit sugar or not? Even if it's paired with fiber and other nutrients, shouldn't you still limit it at some point?","Is there any real difference between consuming natural sugar from a fruit, and added sugar, so long as the added sugar is paired with fiber and other nutrients?"
1535,peh2cq,nutrition," I'm a pretty picky eater. Don't like any fruits or vegetables. I'll get them in from a smoothie, but from food I can't do it

Being said, I really only like to eat meat and pasta. Steak. Beef. Pork. Chicken. Rice Alfredo. Noodles. Etc. I love but I hate all these greens and stir fries etc. I wish I liked em but I can't control it

So any other weird diets like me who found a meal service that works well and suits them? Please let me know! I'd imagine a keto one would be my best bet...",Favorite meal delivery service for carnivore like diet?
1536,pegd6l,nutrition,Which has the most antidioxants? And which is better overall?,Cranberries vs blueberries
1537,pefz23,nutrition,"Some fruit and vege are absolute nutritional powerhouses which have high amounts of multiple vitamins and minerals, but some seem to be lacking. What are the least nutritionally dense fruits and vegetables?",What are the least nutritious fruits and vegetables?
1538,pebmft,nutrition,"i’ve been curious.. why do macronutrient ratios matter? being on a regular diet where you are just trying to be in a caloric deficit and get adequate protein, why does a certain percentage have to be from carbs and from fats? like when i use a calculator online and it tells me for a cut i need to get 50% calories from carbs and like 25% from fats, why those numbers? would it hurt to do like 40% carbs and 35% fats? is there something special about getting a certain amount of calories for each macro?",Macronutrient ratios
1539,peb1pk,nutrition,I want to ask about my personal situation,where is the feature post at the top of the sub
1541,pe9qa3,nutrition,"The little liquid health shots they have at the grocery store seem like a rip off. What else should be added to create a general wellness shot:
- apple cider vinegar 
- collegian peptides 
- kale powder 
- turmeric 
- lemon juice 
- cayenne pepper",Shots For General Wellness
1542,pe9j1q,nutrition,"The little liquid health shots they have at the grocery store seem like a rip off. I’m going to make my own. What else should I add to create a general wellness shot:
- apple cider vinegar 
- collegian peptides 
- kale powder 
- turmeric 
- lemon juice 
- cayenne pepper",Morning Shots For General Wellness
1543,pe7llx,nutrition,I use 2 packets of stevia on my brewed coffee everytime and I usually consume about 3-4 mugs of coffee a day. So that’s about 6-8 packs of stevia a day. Will it cause any harm on my kidneys?,Is stevia safe?
1544,pe6wxd,nutrition,How bad is oxysterol in powdered milk and UHT fresh milk?,How bad is oxidized cholesterol?
1545,pe4yzo,nutrition,"&amp;#x200B;

The majority of my potassium intake comes from milk, bananas, and peanut butter. I noticed the upper intake limit for potassium is very easily met through these 3 sources. Considering these 3 sources are pretty much natural, does potassium intake limit really matter?",Is High Potassium from Milk and Bananas okay?
1546,pe4xdy,nutrition,"I'm not talking about hundreds of grams, but more like up to 50g/day",Is there a limit to how much fenugreek seeds a person can eat?
1547,pe4u71,nutrition,"Ok so yesterday morning I wanted to drink a cup of water (just like I taught myself to do before every breakfast and before sleep at night) and, while I was drinking it, a uncomfortable stomach pain appeared out of nowhere then faded away once I stopped drinking water... and it appeared again tonight when I grabbed a cup of water before bed... What could that mean ? The pain started yesterday morning and was fine with this ""routine"" before...",Weird question about some stomachache
1548,pe4mg5,nutrition,"The skins of fruits and vegetables have the most fiber. Whole grains are considered healthy because the bran and the germ contain nutrients, just like the skin of fruits and vegetables, but also because the fiber slows the absorption of the sugars. So, if you peel potatoes and roast them in the oven, are you eating the refined or 'white flour' version of the potato? I find this confusing too because the argument about fruits being healthier than regular sugar plus a fiber supplement is because the fiber molecules are embedded in the sugars, so would that mean that if you don't eat the skin then you are only losing out on essential nutrients and not necessarily spiking your blood sugar because the fiber within the flesh is the only fiber that is embedded in the sugars/carbohydrates?",Is eating fruits/vegetables without the skin the equivalent of eating refined grained?
1549,pe4k6r,nutrition,"I’ve seen a few mentions of this here and there, and wanted to crowd source the question, find resources, etc.

So right now, I’m about 290lbs, trying to knock 65 off that. BF% is about 32.

I’ve seen some say my protein requirements should be calculated off my LEAN body mass (appx. 197lbs), and others off total - the 290.

So if I aimed at 1.5kg per g, at lean body mass I’d only need 134.3 per day, but for total, that’s 197.7.

Which is it?

And if it’s the latter… why do I need protein… for my body fat?",Protein for Lean Body Mass or Total Body Mass?
1550,pe371z,nutrition,"Hello fellow nutrition enthusiasts, as most of us (probably) agree, exercise, nutrition and rest and the three pillars of fitness. 

While Reddit has excellent subreddits on all kinds of fitness and nutrition related topics - with detailed high quality, scientific content - the same seems to be missing for sleep… or have I just not found it?

r/sleep, imo, while great for anecdotal information, does not have the same depth and quality as say r/fitness or r/nutrition.

Thanks in advance for your thoughts!","Hi r/nutrition, is there a high quality subreddit for sleep?"
1551,pe31ta,nutrition,"What's the reason that Red Meat is so unhealthy for us? Is it because it has heavier fats (ie. saturated fats)? Or is there something else in Red Meat which causes ill health effects over time?

I know that red meat is very protein-dense, and I was thinking that perhaps all that protein could be responsible for excessive metabolic activity that can cause our cells to age faster. I'm wondering if that might at least be part of the issue.",Why is Red Meat Bad for Us?
1552,pe2jz6,nutrition,"Hi All,
I was just wondering if soy lechitin(which is found in almost every whey protein/ protein supplement) is a concern due to its ability to raise oestrogen levels due to its own phytoestrogens. Anyone have any experience with any possible negative side affects or is this nothing to worry about?
Thank you!!",Soy Lecithin and oestrogen levels
1553,pdx2cf,nutrition,I'm totally new to eating healthy so I might post on here a bit,"How much is too much veggies, poultry, fish, and fruits?"
1554,pdx029,nutrition,"Used to eat beef hamburgers, but would like to consume more healthier meats. I was thinking of something like Whole-wheat Tortillas mix with 95% lean ground turkey and romaine lettuce, spinach, or kale once a day; everyday. I really LOVE hamburgers",Healthy hamburgers???
1555,pdu1b5,nutrition,During college I was doing really well losing weight and not eating sweets. After college I moved back home and since there is junk food and sweets there can’t say no to them unless they aren’t in the house. Please help or any advice.,Can’t resist sweets
1556,pdqip9,nutrition,"Hello people of reddit!
Often times you see foods advertised with „withouth added sugars“ but the sugar is replaced with sweetener. For example iced coffes or yoghurts. Are these foods actually healthier though? I‘m a bit confused. Also, in baking recipes, sugar is sometimes replaced with apple sauce. Is this actually a healthier alternative compared to traditional baked goods? I mean apple sauce still contains fructose and I don‘t think fructose is neccessarily much healthier but I don‘t know.
Thanks in advance for your answers!",Question about sugar free foods
1557,pdnq6d,nutrition,"I just found a pretty neat infographic that breaks down each of the vital vitamins and minerals.

I’ve always had a negative connotation of fluoride. I heard it could cause calcification of the pineal gland, and apparently in excess can cause dental issues.

Allegedly, inadequate fluoride intake can also cause dental issues, though rare to see a deficiency in it.


I guess my question is...how do you achieve a healthy balance of this mineral? It says “Fluoride bioavailability from water and dental products is very close to 100%”. 

So obviously there’s an overwhelming abundance of this...but it seems it might be to the point of excess, considering it’s found in pretty much most of our water supply and even tooth paste. 

Just curious to hear thoughts on this, if any. How do you avoid excessive fluoride intake?",I’ve just learned Fluoride is a vital mineral (please don’t laugh). I’ve always had negative connotations. Isn’t it bad in excess? We have an excessive amount of it in our daily lives it seems.
1558,pdjh0c,nutrition,"And in what approximate ratios.

To those who are against green powders, it's just regular vegetables dehydrated and then ground up. Why would that be a drastic change from regular veggies? Even if they're 50% as effective, that's better than nothing on the days in which I'm short on time and will. While on most other days I will eat whole food vegetables.",What ingredients are usually found in higher quality green powders and what ingredients/fillers do lesser quality ones use?
1559,pdj1zv,nutrition,Is it better to calculate protein requirements based on total lean body mass or overall bodyweight?,Calculating correct protein requirements
1560,pdh7sw,nutrition,Looking for a good sugar substitute.,Is stevia a safe substitute for sugar? Does it have negative effects?
1561,pdgquw,nutrition,"The nutritional label on the bag of dry barley says: 1/2 cup gives 12 grams of fiber.

-

I cooked 1/4 cup of dry Barley in water and it expanded to 1 cup 


so will this give me 6 grams of fiber or 24 grams of fiber?",Nutritional label on a bag of Dry Barley says 12g of fiber for 1/2 cup. Is that when it's precooked dry or after it's been cooked?
1562,pdfn6j,nutrition,"Hi

I am looking to get about 15 supplements in total on a regular basis.

Vitamins, collagen powder protein powder etc...

Total price is cost + tax + delivery which makes it expensive.

&amp;#x200B;

Swansons are OK but tax and delivery to Ireland adds up.

&amp;#x200B;

Which are the cheapest sites for a good range of vitamins?

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks",Cheap vitamin and supplement shops
1563,pdfbar,nutrition,"As a basketball player who lifts 3-4 times a week and trains every day it’s hard to get in that amount of carbs, what are some foods that are basically pure carbs that I could eat for convenient snacks?",500-550 grams of carbs per day
1564,pdeuru,nutrition,"I know that there is a lot of discourse over whether or not bread products that are made with modified wheat starch are actually keto friendly/impact blood sugar or not. It sounds like it is partially digestible and as such can have some impact on blood sugar, and likely isn't really 0 net carbs. My question is whether the calorie counts for these product are accurate. If the labels aren't always accurate at showing the true net carb count, is that also true for calories? I'm referring to products like Aldi/Aunt millies low carb/carb smart bread and buns",Calorie counts of bread with modified wheat starch?
1565,pdb3hg,nutrition,"Hey everyone,

What tips do you have for cooking meals for someone who is undergoing chemotherapy? I’ve heard avoid sugar as much as possible and apparently coffee isn’t good for cancer either.. any dos and donts? Should I give dad more of something that will help him? 
Also, my dad eats a lot of pork, have read online it’s not good neurologically but unsure.

Thanks!",Tips for cooking for dad who has cancer
1566,pdamd4,nutrition,"Pretty much daily I’m consuming 2 eggs in the morning, and I’ll have a cup of spinach and King Oscar’s can of Sardines in the afternoon along with a 1,000 mg of nature made’s fish softgel vitamin. I’ll consume other things like milk, walnuts and almonds as well, which I believe also contains omega 3’s. Am I making a big mistake with this dietary choice? I take the soft gel because I’ve always heard that a good fish gel supplement after eating fish is healthy, but now I’m wondering if I’m overdoing it. I know too much of anything isn’t a good thing",Overdoing it on the omega 3’s?
1567,pda34a,nutrition,"Hi, I’m at a bit of a dead end with my current career. I’m currently doing an apprenticeship in mechanical engineering/maintenance which I think is similar to internship if you’re American.

I realised only in the last year my passion for nutrition and how it effects the body etc. Like I will enjoy reading articles and books from people like Dr Michael Gregor for example. 

Anyway I’m wondering what options I actually have? I could go down the dietetics route but I really like the idea of actually researching and maybe finding out new info. Not sure what I’d actually have to get into to do that. 

However, if I do pick to go down this route I would have to go back to college for a year before applying for university as my grades from school aren’t good enough.",Careers in nutrition?
1568,pd7nch,nutrition,"Protein bread?

100% whole wheat?

Something else?",Healthiest bread?
1569,pd5ya2,nutrition,Not sure if it’s a dietary issue or medical issue but I can’t go to bed without having to go pee every 1-2 hours. Lowered my fluid intake in the evening but idk what else to do. Can’t get good sleep &amp; it’s affecting my performance. If it’s something you’ve dealt with please help me out.,Can’t go to bed!?
1570,pd342k,nutrition,"I’ve been in a calorie deficit for 6 months and not too long ago I injured my self while at work, It has been 2 months since i’ve been to the gym and my back is still in pain. Is me being in a calorie deficit making it harder for my back to recover?",Calorie Deficit / Injured
1571,pcy11f,nutrition,Can an active person refuel on protein after a workout? Even if they had their daily fill pre-workout? Does protein burn off with calories during an intensive work out? Please dont delete this post i feel this is a necessary question.,Does protein burn off post work out? Or should proteins daily limits be respected even after a second work out?
1572,pcxgns,nutrition,"I love all kinds of food. Whether we are talking New American, Thai, Mexican, Japanese, Vietnamese, French, etc., I appreciate them all!

I was wondering today if countries differ from one another in terms of how “healthy and nutritious” their cuisine is. Does anyone know? I periodically see articles proclaiming how a particular country, like Greece, or Japan, has a healthy diet which promotes longevity, etc. These articles are what peaked my interest and this question/post. Thanks!",Are there particular cuisines that are generally more nutritious and healthy for you?
1573,pcuu09,nutrition,"I personally am loving them. They also seem to be highly hydrating due to high mineral counts and citric acid. They're sweetened with sucralos and citric acid, so no aspartame. What do you guys think? I haven't seen any official health articles on the small bottles of clear american drinks and think they should be looked into by someone with a better eye than mine.",Opinions On Small Clear American Waters?
1574,pcuhbb,nutrition,I was using ON Chocolate Hazelnut with 27 serving the date expired in 2022 and it was tasting so good but when i purchased the same product in same store with but with 72 servings the expired date is in 2023 is tasting bitter and so different i just don’t like it! does have anyone the same problem like me?,Optimum Nutrition chocolate hazelnut taste bitter ?
1575,pcrwjw,nutrition,"## We need to talk about anti-science misinformation

It's one thing when there are conflicting opinions and conclusions regarding some specific area of nutrition.  That's fine and is ideal for participants here to throw back and forth. It's another thing altogether when someone is wholly anti-science.  We're not talking about cases of ""is this a 6 or a 9"", we're talking about cases of ""there are no numbers""

Science is real.  Science is necessary.  This sub is for and about the science of nutrition. While it is not the subreddit's place to enforce a side in disagreements over interpretations of data / studies / research, we feel it is incumbent upon us to address anti-science narratives. 

It is not informative, helpful, or productive when someone comes to this sub and is not engaging in facts, is utterly resistant to providing any facts, is solely reliant on youtube videos as a basis for their claims, and ultimately responds to any debate with conspiracy claims.   A completely fact resistant mindset based on gut feelings and ""somebody dun sed an I dont care who"" is not engaging in good faith whatsoever.

While we sympathize with concerns about corporate interests, it is a problem when folks are coming here to specifically bash any and all science and try to discredit every bit of it with ""funding bias"" and ""Big food and Big pharma"" kinds of comments. THE biggest problem misinformation angle in the nutrition sub are science rejection comments, and not just rejection of some specific thing but those which are actively promoting ""don't trust any science"". 

Again, the science of any specific facet of nutrition is always welcomed to be debated here, it's part of the purpose of the sub, but a debate of the validity of science itself is not.

Therefore, going forward;

* **""Science is a conspiracy"" type engagement is not allowed** - If instead of having a fact based discussion, your purpose here is to engage solely in unsubstantiated conspiracy generalizations and science denial, then you are likely to be banned. If conspiracy claims are your basis for discussion or you wish to question science itself, then you should instead utilize the subreddits which cater to those discussions as it is not on topic for this sub.

* **Automod will be removing certain kinds of anti-science and conspiracy comments**.  This will be very targeted to science denial rhetoric so as to ensure appropriate topical debate is left in place.

* **Any bias concerns need to be *specifically* addressed and cited rather than barfing up generalized funding bias hyperbole**. Pointing out a specific company or companies behind a specific study to express concerns about bias is more than acceptable for discussion here.  Blanket brushing all science / research / studies ever generated for funding bias is ridiculous conspiracy blather and is outside of reality.  It's a step way too far.

In addition to the above, we also ask you to vote accordingly and to let us know when you see

""all science BAD!""  
""all studies are a conspiracy and are biased!""  
""everything is a conspiracy!""  
""I aint gunna cite anything CUZ youtube SED I'z RIGHT!""  

If you have any on topic questions, please ask here

Thank you",/r/Nutrition sub update - addressing anti-science misinformation
1576,pcrvjj,nutrition,I've heard that vegan substitutes for butter is worse than actual butter. Is this true?,Normal vs vegan baked goods?
1577,pcrk6h,nutrition,"I’ve been looking online and they all say no more than 30g....a decent sized banana has 20g.

If your answer is as much as you want, can you please explain. Thank you.",How much sugar a day for adult. (Clean sugar of course)
1579,pcoiq5,nutrition,"This is something I read the other day. Someone was comparing the science of nutrition to other sciences like chemistry. Way back when people believed in things like alchemy, you know, turning iron into gold. It can take a long time for science to determine what is true and what is not true. Hundreds of years even. Like the old idea that the sun went around the earth. 

 A lot of confusion and lack of agreement in the field of nutrition can be attributed to it being a young science, so I was reading anyway. But it does seem like people used to eat more healthfully in the past before all this processed stuff came along.",Nutrition is a young science
1580,pcnx25,nutrition,My vitamin levels are 197.2 pg/ml. Do i need to supplement.,Checked my Vit 12 today.
1581,pclzxz,nutrition,Can anyone explain the lack of vitamin and minerals in my store bought green juice? Is it even worth it to drink this stuff?,Store bought green juice
1582,pckjy6,nutrition,"If for example 100g of raw chicken is 165 calories, they turn into 75g after I cook them, is that still 165 calories?",Chicken breast calories
1583,pcjjh9,nutrition,"I've come across comments lately warning about arsenic levels building up over time when it comes to eating canned sardines regularly.

Are there brands know for having more or less arsenic than others? How ""regularly"" would you need to eat it for it to actually be a concern. 

One comment I saw was about how Joe Rogan used to eat them regularly and arsenic levels were up in his blood tests, so he cut them out and they went back down.",What's up with Arsenic in canned sardines?
1584,pcjdny,nutrition,"Are there brands known for having more or less of it compared to other brands? 

Came across some comments warning about it lately.",What's up with arsenic in canned sardines?
1585,pci32w,nutrition,"Morning guys!

I've heard about it and I'd like to know your opinion.

Thanks in advance.",Does caffeine cycling make sense?
1586,pchkyx,nutrition,"I'm not really understanding what it is. It's something to do joints and fish oil? What does it do, what does it help and is it beneficial?",What exactly is Omega XL?
1587,pcf9qt,nutrition,"I’d love to learn from someone much smarter than myself on this topic. 

Does it make any true difference to eat these ‘All Organic’ fruit snacks like Annie’s? (As opposed to something like Haribo). It seems like a steep cost to pay for the path of good health. 

Would love to know if it’s just good marketing I fell for. 

(Asking for a friend)","Fruit Snacks, what’s the story?"
1588,pceuua,nutrition,"I am trying to improve my digestion and gut flora. Eating small amounts of yogurt every evening (like I did growing up in South India, and was a very healthy child!) and that feels good. I am trying to add \~different\~ types of bacteria and was wondering about kombucha, specificially NON-homemade like GT's Synergy etc. They dont have added sugar but I've made kombucha at home and that has needed white sugar, but that gets eaten up by the scoby...?",How healthy is kombucha?
1589,pcclzq,nutrition,I'm not sure if it is just deep frying potatoes that is unhealthy or if I make hashbrowns at home in a pan is that unhealthy too?,Is frying potatoes in a pan unhealthy?
1590,pccfkx,nutrition,I’m an endurance athlete so I burn a lot of calories and am not worried about that but idk if the sugar in it is bad or is it like the sugar in fruit.,Aside from the high calorie count is maple syrup unhealthy?
1591,pcc60d,nutrition,let’s say u have a base of 40g rolled oats. What would u add to make a nutritionally “perfect” complete meal ?,build a “perfect” oatmeal bowl
1592,pcayk1,nutrition,"I’m currently consuming about 60+ grams of saturated fat, 30+ grams of polyunsaturated fat, and about 300+ grams of monounsaturated fat. Any negative effects on hormones or sexual function?",Are there any negatives associated with eating lots of fat each day?
1593,pcahag,nutrition,It seems like a simple math equation for an app to calculate TDEE based on caloric intake and weight gain / loss. But this would be a lot of work to do by hand since there would be many days to take into account. Is there a nutrition tracking app that will calculate your TDEE after a certain amount of days logged?,Is there an app that can calculate TDEE based on intake and body weight history?
1594,pc9494,nutrition,How far can you get with an associate degree? Can you work in the field or get somewhere while you finish getting your bachelor’s degree? Is it worth it?,What can you do with an Associate Degree in Nutrition?
1595,pc93i3,nutrition,How far can you get with an associate degree? Can you work in the field or get somewhere while you finish getting your bachelor’s degree?,What can you with an associate degree in nutrition?
1596,pc84mk,nutrition,"I’m not looking for weight loss, dieting, or lifestyle changes or advice.  I want to know if there is an actual product out their (meal supplements or replacements) that just load the body up with everything it would need.  I don’t care about flavor, taste, frequency, or anything that is considered QoL.",Is there a product available meant to simply give the body everything it needs?
1597,pc7mpt,nutrition,"I can’t find a straight answer on google. Only that it’s suggested the opposite way where if you have low calcium you should take supplements with vitamin D.

My blood tests said I had low vitamin D so my doctor suggested 5k UI daily. I’ve been taking that but had to see a PA recently who insisted I had to take calcium with the vitamin D3 or it wouldn’t be absorbed? I’d never heard this before and my calcium levels are fine so I don’t really feel like taking vitamins when I don’t need them. I’m wondering if she got confused?",Does Vitamin D3 have to be taken with calcium to be absorbed?
1599,pc6jst,nutrition,"If adding lemon to your water for digestive aid, would there be any benefit to using fresh lemon opposed to lemon juice concentrate? Obviously the bottles are far more convenient.",Lemon water - Fresh lemon vs Lemon juice from concentrate
1600,pc62p6,nutrition,"Hi!  I am overwhelmed at the sheer number of additives available - yet I can't seem to find the ones I need! I would like to add each day to my water at work.

*  30 day supply (or thereabouts)
* reasonably priced. 

1.  **energy** \- caffeine free.  So I can stop drinking diet soda.  I would also like one for **mental clarity** which looks like they can come together.  

2.  **hydration**.  Help?",need recommendations for water additives 1. energy/mental clarity (caffeine free) 2. hydration
1601,pc4zbo,nutrition,"Any risk of harm? It claims to be a prebiotic. Ingredients include: water, apple juice, acv, cinnamon extract, apple essence, organic apple flavor, organic cinnamon, monk fruit extract and Stevie extract. 

Thanks.",Is an apple cider vinegar beverage that contains 2 tablespoons of the stuff healthy?
1602,pc4gin,nutrition,"Purified water, less than 0.5% natural flavors, citric acid, sodium polyphosphate, potassium sorbate, potassium benzoate, sucralose, acesulfame potassium, calcium disodium edta, magnesium sulfate",Is any of this stuff bad for you
1603,pc2m29,nutrition,"If price wasn’t an issue for you, what would your ideal diet/nutritional intake look like?",Price isn’t an issue: what would your diet look like?
1604,pc1zxk,nutrition,"I hope this doesn't violate the rules (please refer me to somewhere that could answer my question if it does- my apologies) but I was super curious...
If you have a snack that is high in nutrients that would 'overdo' your daily dose in one sitting e.g sugar or saturated fats, would it be better so spread it out over 2-3 days (e.g a few bites of a slice of cake a day for 2-3 days), or, is it better to eat the whole slice and then not eat any (cake) for the next 2-3 days.","Question: To eat a cake in one day, or to spread it out?"
1605,pc0umt,nutrition,"We all know that sugar is generally bad for us in all of its many forms. But we're usually told that 'fruit is fine' and 'eat all the fruit you want'. No one ever mentions the grams of sugar in a fruit smoothie... My understanding is that the sugar content of whole fruit gets a free pass because of the fiber that is packaged with it.

My question is then - are other fiber rich foods with similar sugar content just as OK as whole fruit? An average banana has 14 grams of sugar and 3 grams of fiber. That's 4.66 sugars per gram of fiber. An indie granola brand has 6 grams of sugar per serving, and 2 grams of fiber = 3 sugars per gram of fiber.

Ounce for ounce, is this granola a healthier option than the banana?  Another example:  If chia seeds (high fiber) are added to sugar-sweetened yogurt, and the sugar:fiber ratio is lower than that of a peach or a a banana, does that make it as healthy or healthier than whole fruit?",Sugar content of fruit versus other health foods ?
1606,pbxzf4,nutrition,Which supplements would the community recommend for someone who trains at moderate  intensity for 1.5 hours daily,Supplements and Nutrition
1607,pbxccv,nutrition,im assuming t/ worst but wanted to check to be sure,Are Bathouse Farms Green Goodness Drinks Actually Good For You?
1608,pbuzs8,nutrition,"I LOVE dark chocolate. My family owns a plot where we grow cacao and I nibble on the beans frequently. However I live in the city where I can't get beans from a trusted source. My options are Lindt 99% which has a long list of ingredients and a local (trusted) brand with only two ingredients-cocoa solids and permitted emulsifiers. Lidnt is 6x more expensive. I can definitely afford it but why would I if I can get away with paying less? 
My question to you guys is. What would be better from a health perspective?  Lindt has cocoa mass, fat reduced cocoa, cocoa butter and demerara sugar.",Question about chocolate.
1609,pbt7l1,nutrition,"Hello everyone.
Sorry for what might be a silly question but I just want to clear something up. I’ve been doing some reading but I couldn’t help but notice a discrepancy between some figures stated. So as an example, [I read that](http://www.dining.ucla.edu/housing_site/dining/SNAC_pdf/CaloriesCount.pdf ) Proteins provide 4 cal/g but I’ve noticed [other people](https://www.nutrition.org.uk/healthyliving/basics/what-is-energy.html) state that Proteins provide 4 kcal/g. May I please ask which is correct?",Are the units Cal or kcal?
1610,pbsr3a,nutrition,"the ingredients are:

Yellow Carrot (43%)*, Apple (33.6%)*, Sweet Potato (12.8%)*, Green Veggies (6.5%) (Spinach (5.1%), Cucumber (1.2%)*, Celery (0.2%)*, Green Bell Pepper (0.02%), Kale (0.02%), Lettuce (0.02%)), Pineapple (3.3%)*, Food Acid (Citric Acid), Vitamin C, Natural flavours, Natural Colour (E141). *Reconstituted Juice

the nutrition label for 250mL is:

Energy
403kJ
Protein
0.9g
Fat, total
0.6g
– saturated
0.1g
Carbohydrate
21.0g
– sugars
16.4g
Sodium
78mg",would you consider Healthy Greens V8 Juice healthy?
1611,pbsi18,nutrition,"What do you think about intermittent fasting, does it work?",Intermittent fasting
1612,pbkvlc,nutrition,I’m vitamin b12 deficient and my doctor wants me to take 1000mcg daily. I just went to pick some up at CVS but noticed that there’s a timed release option. Is there a big difference between timed release and non timed release vitamin b12 pills?,Is there a big difference between Vitamin B12 timed release pills and regular ones?
1613,pbka37,nutrition,"I'm so confused about how canned tuna could even be sold legally if it's as high in mercury as it says. For example, a can of van camps yellowfin light tuna in oil. Considering yellowfins are one of the highest in mercury, wouldnt a can of 5oz be like 60mcg of mercury? Would this cause harm if eaten like once a month?","Concerning mercury, is it at all safe to eat a can of yellowfin tuna?"
1614,pbjxr2,nutrition,I.e always on your feet moving or/and carrying heavy stuff around all day long,Is it ok to eat sugar rich foods if you work a physically active job ?
1615,pbj06g,nutrition,"I'm *awful* at eating vegetables. I'll try to add them in and do well for a bit, then end up not eating them again. Recently, I figured that anything is better than nothing, so I started drinking reduced sodium V8, and V8 Fusion.

In reading about them, the main issue dieticians seem to have with V8 is the high sodium content. The other large issue is lack of fiber. The sodium issue can't really be avoided (unless I start making my own juice but one step at a time), but can the lack of fiber be somewhat alleviated by adding Metamucil?","Other than high sodium, the main criticism of V8 seems to be the lack of fiber. Does mixing in Metamucil help alleviate this?"
1616,pbh2s1,nutrition,Hi. Is lactoferrin present in lactose free milk (specifically fairlife)? Thanks !,Lactoferrin question.
1617,pbgza6,nutrition,The title pretty much says it. I generally find indian food to be healthy but butter paneer doesn't sound like its one of the healthier choices nutritionally speaking. Still it's very tasty I just wonder if any good ingredients came with it,Is butter paneer healthy?
1618,pbglw2,nutrition,"I recently decided to try these hamburger buns from Kroger.  Figured 50 cals a pop would be great for my calorie cutting.  The label states 50 calories per bun.  However, the macros for each bun are:

Total Fat: 4g  
Total Carbs: 17g  
Total Protein:  12g

A little math on this (9 x 4g = 36, 4 x 17g = 68, and 4 x 12g = 48) totaling 152 calories.  I know food labels are allowed to be a little off... but this seems a little extreme to me.

Please tell me if I'm missing something or off in how I'm calculating this.",Kroger CarbMaster Classic White Hamburger Buns - Serious Labeling Issues?
1619,pbg9cj,nutrition,Natural sugars are supposed to not be bad for you right but what is the difference between them and just added sugar? Is the only difference that Natural comes with fiber and vitamins? So is something like raisins unhealthy because it doesn’t have alot of fiber so it is like eating a lot of just sugar?,What is the difference between natural and added sugar nutritionally?
1620,pbfxn3,nutrition,"So I've been having this doubt, and the information online isn't helping me.

When I'm checking the egg calories both in the package and online, it says for example a 65g egg (large) is around 97-100 calories. But is this taking into account the actual shell? Because I weighed the large eggs and they are indeed 65g, with shell on, without the shell pbbly is 50g, is that still 97-100 calories?",What are the actual egg calories?
1621,pbeq1g,nutrition,"As the title says. I can onlye find articles about RED AND Sports, but using logic i think that the idea can be used with everyone. Am i wrong?  


RED-S =  Relative Energy Deficiency in Sports",RED-S - only to athletes?
1622,pbcgtj,nutrition,"
Hey everyone!
as of now I’ve been living without added sugar for four months and it feels amazing! 
Now I’m also contemplating quitting fruit (cause evil fructose yadda yadda) and sugar-loaded veggies such as beet  and carrots (which I adore a bit too much) and I’m curious about anyone else’s experience on the matter. How did you feel after quitting this stuff cold turkey, what did you do to fight fruit cravings and has it actually helped you to achieve your health/aesthetic goals?

I’ve researched a lot of opinions/articles on the matter and it seems like all those wondrous vitamins and fiber can be consumed from other sources and fruit are really overrated

Thanks in advance!",Your fruit quitting experiences
1623,pbbdhz,nutrition,"When a company puts either of those on the ingredients list, what are they allowed to put in there. What got me thinking about this is my sensitivity to sweeteners and additives that provoke my seizures. His protein powder I got called Vega sport vanilla flavor. It has those listed in the ingrediants. Other than that everything looks good. Wondering if it’s safe to try? Thanks!","What do natural/ artificial flavors, actually mean? Seems so vague to put on an ingredients label"
1624,pbb3qp,nutrition,"I've been searching this but cannot find any serious study supporting the keto.

I'm not asking if the keto can make you lose weight (that's proven and I know it).

What I want to know is if it was ever tested in a serious trial against a different diet with standard macros and the same caloric restriction.",Has the keto diet ever been proven more effective than a diet with the same caloric restriction?
1625,pbatda,nutrition,"Does the process of pickling remove nutritional benefits from foods? For example, if I pickled a cucumber, or beets, or eggs; would there be a loss of nutritional benefits as opposed to eating them in another non-pickled form such as plain hard boiled eggs, or roasted beets, or raw cucumber?

I searched through the FAQ and couldn't find any information on pickling. I propose we add a section for that food group.",Nutritional loss from pickling?
1626,pb9y3h,nutrition,"Has anyone noticed an improvement in their face/skin after a change in diet? Mine is dull and nose has lots of big pores... Wondering if a diet change would help. I already know I should make some healthy changes (more veg, less processed carbs and meat).",Diet changes and skin
1627,pb7moo,nutrition,"I've spoken to and read various articles about how much protein is required as part of a normal RDA. I've read around 49 grams for a woman, I've been told 1 gram per kg of weight but someone else has told me 2 grams per kg. For the last amount approximately 120 grams per day, other people told me that would require a lot of exercise.

What is the best protien RDA and what is the definition of a lot, or the right amount of exercise if you consume a higher amount of protein to avoid it converting into fat?",How exercise is required to have a high protein diet?
1628,pb7lo5,nutrition,Im trying to grow my hair out a bit more but I hate the wait! Is there anything that can spend the process up?,What foods/vitamins/supplements can help hair grow faster?
1629,pb7hht,nutrition,"Hey guys so I’ve been drinking this “healthy soda” for about 3 days now but I cant stop thinking that this is too good to be true. Im not gonna mention the drink because my last posts about it in different subs were banned for some reason and all i find when i look it up are ads for the product. Anyways, the nutritional facts look amazing, zeros across the board. But it has stuff in the ingredients ive never heard off like multiple sweeteners such as sucralose, acesulfame K. Should I be worried about this, or can I just keep drinking?",Is it safe to drink a soda with zero calories carbs and sugar? (How is that even possible?)
1631,pb6m1y,nutrition,Check out this item in my Etsy shop https://www.etsy.com/listing/1059622870/exemption-card,Breath Free America
1632,pb4fp1,nutrition,"I take 1 tablespoon with milk daily and notice my pee is bright yellow afterwards. This is all the b vitamins I’m pissing out I assume? Is it unhealthy to consume 1 tablespoon everyday?
I’m assuming TD’j brand is fortified due to the b vitamins. Is fortified better than unfortified?
Is there a great nutritional yeast brand? Is fortified b vitamins healthy?",Trader Joe’s nutritional yeast
1633,pb4bn9,nutrition,"I recently found some articles stating how spinach and other leafy greens are rich in iron, but mostly useless in terms of bioavailability. Is it true the iron in cooked spinach and other plant foods like beans is poorly absorbed in the body? Is eating vitamin c in the morning through fruits enough to aid with iron absorption later in the day in non heme foods? How much iron is actually absorbed from these when eaten properly to reduce oxalate content?

Wouldnt this make all vegans and vegetarians severely anemic?",Is plant iron actually worse than animal sourced?
1634,pb3uwh,nutrition,"I've been reading quite a bit about microplastics and other horrible things being found in sausage, bacon, and other types of processed meat. I can most certainly understand the $4 frozen hotdogs at the dollar store being very unhealthy and full of questionable things, but how about the $18, organic ones at Whole Foods? Should I stay away from sausage altogether, no matter how much money I'm willing to put out there for good quality? 

* I'm anemic, and eating steak makes my stomach upset. (And I need to eventually find a way to keep my energy going without resorting to pills.) So I've resorted to beef sausages, but I'm very worried about all of the negative things I'm hearing about it. 

TLDR: Are expensive sausages as unhealthy as cheap ones? I've heard that ALL processed meat is terrible for anyone to eat.",Are all processed meats equally as bad for you?
1635,pb2rbz,nutrition,"Apart from the empty additional calories, what impact, if any, does the consumption of alcohol have on muscle development?",Effects of alcohol on muscle development
1636,pb1gvn,nutrition,"Due to the obesity epidemic in the United States, we have two types of food you can buy in most stores.
1. Sugary, disgusting, artery-clogging, munchy food.
2. Diet food thats ""healthy"" but void of calories and unsustainable 

At least that's the way I'm seeing it, but maybe I'm misunderstanding something. I see these ""meal shakes"" that claim to be superfoods that will sustain you all by themselves. As somebody who doesn't like eating a whole lot but wants to put on weight, that sounds awesome to me! They're packed with protien and vitamins and whatnot, but its invariably 150-300 calories per shake! That isn't a meal! Am I misunderstanding something? I'd have to drink about ten of those to get my calories, which makes them less calorie dense and less cost effective than what I'm already doing, which isn't even enough. What's with these imposter shakes? How can you tell me I should get 2500 calories a day and then also tell me a meal is 250 calories? It just doesn't add up. Is there anywhere I can get a meal shake that's *actually* a whole meal?",I'm confused about calories
1637,pb076l,nutrition,"Cereal-heavy diets are common among history, and even today. What sorts of vitamins were/are most likely to be missing from such a diet?

&amp;#x200B;

Thank you for your time!",What vitamins are mostly missing from a cereal-and-milk heavy diet?
1638,pb06uh,nutrition,How much salmon would I need to eat to get 100 mg of CoQu10?,CoQu10 in salmon
1639,pb03s6,nutrition,Preferably low fat foods.  There's so many options but it's hard to find things low calorie,"Need some help finding low calorie food on Uber Eats, Seamless, etc."
1640,paz20t,nutrition,"Could anyone explain to me how can this specific can of salmon can be 120 kcal and 2g of fat for 150g ??

 Clover LEAF® Skinless Boneless Pink Salmon:  https://www.walmart.ca/en/ip/6000077806952

TIA !",Canned salmon low fat
1641,payvgi,nutrition,"I've heard for a while it inhibits Vitamin D absorption, but what about Potassium? AKA I'm wondering how good of a source of potassium bananas are compared to something without so much sugars like brussel sprouts.",Does sugar impede Potassium absorption?
1642,payhc2,nutrition,"Like it says in the title, if a milk flavoring contains lactase (like Milo, flavored syrups, etc) will it be ""undone"" by the lactase in lactose-free milk? 

I'm also not sure if I'm understanding lactose-free milk correctly - is it like a clean slate with no ""active"" lactose or lactase remaining in the milk? Or is the lactose still in the milk, with added lactase to help digestion once it's already consumed?

I'm new to this subreddit, so I hope this was the right place to ask!",Does the added lactase in lactose-free milk counteract lactose from milk flavorings?
1644,paw7za,nutrition,"All foods digest at different rates. Some may take a few hours, some may take 8 hours. The reason casein works is because its slow to digest and the protein is coming over a stretched period of time. Im definitely not a scientist or anything but this seems to be my common sense conclusion. Ill try to leave one example. 1 steak vs 2 servings of whey protein. The whey protein will be out of your system within a couple hours (and likely have an entire servings worth of protein wasted) ,where the steak takes much longer to digest; and the protein molecules will be absorbed in a more spread out time period. Thoughts?",Why the 30g or more of protein a meal is negligible study will never be plausible.
1645,pask6m,nutrition,"For example, for sweet potatoes and almonds, are the oxalates only located in the skin, or in the whole thing?",Are oxalates only in the skin of foods or in the entire thing?
1646,park09,nutrition,"For example, if you buy cold pressed juices from an organic store like Whole Foods, do you count that sugar towards your daily intake? 

One juice I recently bought is made from a variety of cold pressed veggie/fruit juices, and has 39 g of sugar (0 added sugar). 

Do you only include “added sugar” if your daily intake?",Do you include sugar from fruit/vegetable juices in daily intake?
1647,paqtbf,nutrition,"I'm going to start creatine on a maintenance dose of 5, 1 gram tablets a day (or 5, 1000mg tablets a day) but I'm wondering how best to take them. Could I take 2 in the morning, 2 at lunch and 1 at night maybe? I read they should be spaced out evenly but taking 1 tablet roughly every 3 and a half hours seems really obstructive. Especially since I work and so I'm out a lot of the day. Any advice would be really appreciated!",How to take maintenance creatine?
1648,paqnhm,nutrition,"I know a salad with only 5 ingredients will probably leave out some nutrients, but I think this is a good way for a beginner to start eating healthily. 

Here's my idea:

1. power green mix: baby kale, baby spinach, baby chard (I count this as one ingredient)
2. hard-boiled eggs
3. avocado
4. bell pepper
5. lentils",5 ingredient salad that includes most nutrients?
1649,paqlfc,nutrition,"Does anyone know which cut of beef is by far the leanest? I’ve heard eye of round with the fat on the sides trimmed off, is this correct?",Leanest cut of beef?
1650,papbah,nutrition,"Hey,

Just curious if anyone has found a Macro Counter that lets them see their food choices that fit their macros?

I'm trying to simplify my planning process.

I currently use MyFitnessPal which is great for counting but not planning.

I'm trying to find something that, for example, if I want  36g of carbs, 46g of protein, and 16g of fat, for each meal, will give me a choice of how much of a type of food I can eat and what foods I can choose from.  So it might have a list that says ""Chicken Breast 7oz, Salmon 4oz, or Lean Pork 7oz.  Then it would say 1 cup of rice or 4oz of potato...etc

Anyone know of anything like that?  Website or App?

Thank you.","Macro Counter, That Lets You See Your Food Choices, That Fit Your Macros?"
1651,pap2k3,nutrition,"I've been avoiding caffeine all my life, should I try drinking one every morning?",Is caffeine daily beneficial or not?
1652,panw5n,nutrition,"Hey, I'm a dietitian and thinking of giving the idea of  introducing child nutrition in my clinic.
So what are the points, that I can focus on while introducing or proposing this plan?",Pediatric nutrition
1653,panume,nutrition,"Hello, I'm looking for assistance selecting a daily greens supplement. I'm considering a spirulina powder vs. a blended green (link below). 

Green Up: [https://canprev.ca/products/green-up-powder/](https://canprev.ca/products/green-up-powder/)

Are there benefits to a blended formula over only spirulina?",Greens Comparison
1654,pan7g4,nutrition,"I’m really used to drinking other methods of caffeine (coffee and energy drinks) which rarely have an effect on me. That's why, i decided to buy pre-workout. i bought ""LIT"". I was really excited, but ended up having an upset stomach. Is there anything i can do to avoid this?",Pre-Workout=Upset Stomach. Any tips on how to avoid or reduce this?
1655,pakgsr,nutrition,"**NOTE: I am not advocating for Beyond Meat ground beef or saying it is actually healthy, but rather it appears that they are relatively healthier than normal ground beef from a basic macro nutrition stand point. Of course, if we compare either of the two here towards chicken, tofu, fish, beans, and so on, the picture falls apart quickly and can be argued to be unhealthy compared to those food items.**

I'm not sure if I'm missing something, but if you look at Beyond Meats Ground beef, it appears to be healthier than that of normal ground beef (that is of 70% lean meat and 30% fat). Looking at the nutritional values for an equal amount (4oz vs 4oz), we see the following (difference between beyond meat and normal ground beef):

* Calories: 230 vs 332 (102 less calories)
* Total Fats: 14g vs 30g (16 grams less)
* Saturated Fats: 5g vs 11g (6 grams less)
* Trans Fat: 0 vs 1.8g (1.8 grams less)
* PolyFat: 3g vs 0g (3 grams more)
* MonoFat: 6g vs 0g (6 grams more)
* Cholesterol: 0 vs 78mg (78mg less)
* **sodium: 390 vs 67mg (323mg more)**
* Potassium: 330mg vs 218mg (112mg more)
* Carbohydrates: 7g vs 0g (7g more)
* Fiber: 2g vs 0g (2g more)
* Protein 20g vs 14g (6g more)

From a bird eye's view, it appears that beyond meats ground beef is ""healthier"" than that of ground beef, given that it has less saturated fats, more poly and mon fats, less cholesterol, higher pottasium, fiber, and protein content, while also being less in calories. However the only downside is the much higher sodium content which I've highlighted in bold. Now I do know that beyond meats beef patty is not healthier than that of a normal beef patty, but it appears here that the ground beef seems to be ""healthier"".","It appears that Beyond Meat ground beef is ""healthier"" than ground beef (a relative comparison)"
1656,pahqa7,nutrition,"Hi everyone,
I’m wondering what’s the refrigerated shelf life of pork cracklings sealed in a mason jar?",Shelf Life of Pork Cracklings
1657,pagrbh,nutrition,"I'm aware that oysters tend to have metals like lead and mercury in them, but im more concerned about food poisoning. How safe are canned oysters compared to other canned seafood? I've heard of people getting ""bad cans"" and just makes me a little worried.  


Anyone have any bad experiences with canned oysters? And is clover leaf a good brand for canned oysters?",How safe is canned smoked oysters?
1658,pagfu0,nutrition,"Hi everyone,
Is vegan vitamin D3 sourced from lechin really as bio available as the vitamin D3 sourced from animals?",Vegan Vitamin D3?
1659,pageno,nutrition,"Was recommended by a friend that this was a healthy alternative to the usual breakfast cereals in the supermarkets. 


I’m currently eating oats with fruits for breakfast but I’m getting sick of it. Is this a good substitute for oats?

Just for reference a serving of weet-bix:
106 calories
Protein: 3.6g
Fats: 0.4g
Carbs: 20g ( not much added sugar )
Fibre: 3.0g
+ a decent amount of micronutrients",Is weet-bix a healthy breakfast choice?
1660,paf8jk,nutrition,"I want to build upper body muscle and get abs simultaneously. I've heard you need a caloric surplus for muscle, and a deficit for abs, so which one is it?",Caloric surplus or deficit?
1661,paev3w,nutrition,"As the question states, is there a difference when feeding the microbiome as to what type of fiber it prefers more?","What lends more to the growth of beneficial bacteria, soluble or insoluble fiber?"
1662,paencv,nutrition,Anybody tried these products?,CHOQ? Thoughts?
1663,pad80i,nutrition,"Is all caffeine exactly the same thing? Coffee, tea, soda, even excederin migraine?",is all Caffeine the same?
1664,pa8ikr,nutrition,"Hello, r/nutrition. After seeing it so often recommended in vegan and vegetarian dishes, I was wondering if Textured Vegetable Protein is considered healthy. Is it considered highly processed? Is it something to be eaten in moderation or daily?",Textured Vegetable Protein
1665,pa8ih4,nutrition,Does anyone have any recommendations for online masters programs that will lead to the CNS or CCN credentials? Does anyone have a POV on Saybrook's Integrative &amp; Functional Nutrition Masters program? Thanks!,Masters in Nutrition Programs
1666,pa7j4f,nutrition,"So I started drinking ginger and lemon shots every day because I read it can help digestion, clear acne and overall is super healthy.
 But is it actually as healthy as some of those claims? Or I’m just drinking this every day for nothing?",Are ginger shots actually have a lot of benefits?
1667,pa6hqn,nutrition,"Nutrition professionals, I am currently pursuing a graduate degree and still have those instances of feeling like I know absolutely nothing in the world of nutrition. Of course this is exaggerated but outside of your profession and work, what are your resources to gain knowledge and connect the dots?",Nutritional Confidence
1668,pa5t0p,nutrition,This is probably a dumb question I don’t know much about nutrition but if fat is stored energy couldnt you live off your own body fat? I always hear that you would die of micronutrient deficiencies and what not but if you took some supplements and got ALL of your vitamins and what not would you still die?,Micronutrients and body fat (dumb question)
1669,pa3h5w,nutrition,"Specific things: 

* Microwaving to simply thaw frozen stuff (like spinach or kale for example)
* microwaving to reheat
* boiling
* blending
* Baking/heating in oven","What causes dietary fibers to break down, and which things break them down how much?"
1670,pa2xy5,nutrition,"Hey everyone! I just wanted to ask, can you build muscle while in a caloric deficit? Thanks!",Muscle building
1671,p9zeq1,nutrition,"

Life Extension 2- per-day capsules (1 capsule daily)

Vitamin D3 (4000-6000 IU daily)

Vitamin K2 (300mcg 2-3 times a week)

Magnesium Chloride (186mg elemental magnesium daily)

Optizinc (30-60mg  daily)

Life extension Only Trace minerals (1-2 times a week)

L-Theanine (400-600mg daily)

Matcha green tea powder (1-2 servings daily or 65-130mg caffeine daily)",My supplement stack
1673,p9reuj,nutrition,"Red meats, as well as meats from birds [chicken, duck, turkey, etc.] contain bad cholesterol more than most other food sources.  Meat from fish and shellfish are great in combating bad cholesterol, and are full of healthy, essential nutrients. Fish and shellfish are also bad for you, mostly from containing heavy metals. 

Soy is also bad for you, soy is also great for you.

I know it's a common thing to see so much negative and positive information on nutrition, but it's discouraging and frustrating to ultimately conclude that seemingly everything is bad for you and great for you at the same time.  It makes it difficult to choose the best for your health.  

Variety is preached, and is understandbly preached.  Is that really an adequate answer to this question?","I've tried doing a lot of research on the good/bad of particular meats and protein sources, and it seems like everything is great for you, and everything is going to poison you."
1674,p9r8w9,nutrition,"[This blog post](https://fireinabottle.net/this-is-how-linoleic-acid-makes-you-fat-leptin-resistant-and-torpid/) claims that linoleic acid leads to obesity by upregulating SCD1. The science seems okay to me (granted, I don't know anything about nutrition or biology, but nothing argued set off any red flags for me). The blog seems kind of sketchy though (showing off testimonials and trying to get you to buy products) so I'm curious whether or not the claims made here are complete bs.",Are claims that linoleic acid consumption leads to obesity true or not?
1675,p9op16,nutrition,I'm looking for healthy peanut butters. The issue is that most healthy peanut butters contains a lot of peanut chunks. Any recommendations for smooth peanut butters like skippy would be great!,Health Peanut Butter Brand Suggestions that are Smooth?
1676,p9jtvh,nutrition,"I've Googled this and I've read that it's not *that* much, but I feel like it would be too much at once.

https://www.reddit.com/r/gonewild/comments/mbjdq0/f_this_is_my_first_time_doing_this_ever_im/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share

There is 14g of sugar in this and the person who takes it only does so because they lack hunger and appetite. They weightlift and have an active lifestyle so they use the gainer to bulk.

What are your thoughts on this? They eat foods dense in nutrients (chicken, veggies, eggs, nuts) with it.

Thank you in advance!",Is 14g of sugar considered a lot?
1677,p9h5x0,nutrition,"I'm on a budget, and routinely get turkey/chicken, so this question comes up a lot in my head.

I found a brand I respect and like, and they offer an organic version of their products, and a regular version. 

Both versions are **exactly** the same, (same housing, natural growth/slaughtering times, same pasture fields, no hormones, no antibiotics, same food, treatment etc...) except for the one distinction being that the organic version feeds the livestock with non-gmo feed, whereas the organic (obviously) feeds the livestock with purely organic feed. (keep in mind the non-organic feed still does not have hormones/stimulants/antibiotics).

The organic products are however like 3 dollars more expensive, and that adds up tremendously when budgeting and often as much as I do.

So my question is, considering all other aspects of the turkey/chicken are the same, is non-organic feed a serious deal breaker, and worth putting extra money towards organic feed? Or is it more of a small preference at the end of the day, and not really important?",Is it really worth the extra price for organic feed vs just non-gmo feed livestock.
1678,p9ghdu,nutrition,"For example, the 1/2 cup of overnight oats I made have a total of 12 carbs. For that serving there’s about 4 grams of resistance starch. So do I subtract 12 from 4, making the total net carbs 8 grams?",Do you subtract resistant starch from the overall amount of carbs?
1679,p9geyl,nutrition,"If foods that contain probiotics, yogurt, kombucha, etc, need to be refrigerated to prevent the bacteria from dying, wouldn't the heat of our mouths and throats kill them before they ever got to populate our gut?",Consumption of Probiotics
1680,p9gdvd,nutrition,Can anyone recommend good certified non-expensive nutrition courses?,Nutrition courses
1681,p9g384,nutrition,It would be interesting to see if people who do break out from dairy could still eat dairy but taking out the ‘trigger’ substance ?,Can anyone explain what substance(s) in dairy products cause acne to many people (not all people)?
1682,p9ezxb,nutrition,"Animals and humans possess five appetites – for protein, carbohydrate, fat, salt and calcium.  We all know the importance of protein. But their discovery of the 'The Protein *Leverage* Hypothesis' puts a lot of things in their place\*. I couldn't find a real good article, but in this little seen video presentation is great. You can skip the introduction and jump right in at 3:14

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWYodd5xaGA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWYodd5xaGA) (part I)  
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Wm5X49XW8g](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Wm5X49XW8g) (part II)

\*“Surprisingly, we overeat fats and carbs not because the appetites for these nutrients are stronger, but because the appetite for *protein* is strongest of all! If protein is diluted in the food supply, we overeat until we satisfy our protein appetite. On high-protein diets, the protein appetite will be satisfied sooner—when fewer total calories have been eaten. This is what we call the Protein Leverage effect.

“But more protein is not necessarily better. Eating too much protein switches on biological processes that hasten aging and shorten lives.”

[https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52202989-eat-like-the-animals](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52202989-eat-like-the-animals)",Video presentation in two parts by Prof David Raubenheimer &amp; Prof Stephen Simpson on their book 'eat like the animals' and the importance of protein as the strongest of 5 appetites.
1683,p9dnjm,nutrition,"Since protein is not meant to be consumed for energy consumption, why do we add them when  we calculate our total calories intake. Say for example you need 2000 calories daily, wouldn’t that be more accurate to have 2000 calories excluding proteins?",Counting proteins for calories intake
1684,p9dd47,nutrition,It seems that crude corn bran is a top source of dietary fiber (79 grams per 100 g serving per the source I am using).  I can find products like Fiber One Cereal but can’t find anyone that sells bulk corn bran.  Does anybody know how to buy it bulk?,Where to buy bulk corn bran?
1685,p9ayb8,nutrition,I really just want to learn as much as I can about nutrition but don’t know where to start.,What youtube channel/book/podcast would you recommend to your younger self to learn more about nutrition?
1686,p96i6l,nutrition,"Apparently they both require different digestive enzymes, so eating only one at a time lets that food be digested by its ideal respective enzyme combination. But if you combine starch and protein foods, then the enzymes will be cancelling each other out and neither of the foods get sufficiently broken down.",Is it true that you shouldn't combine Carb Foods with Protein Foods?
1687,p923yq,nutrition,I’m only asking because I’m going to request to see one but was just wondering if it’s worth it. I don’t know too much about cooking or nutrition and I wanted to see one so that I can start learning.,Is seeing a nutritionist worth it ?
1690,p90p5o,nutrition,"You can eat amounts close to a gram of micronutrients (like potassium or calcium), and I am wondering if they contain any calories? 

Also, do micronutrients have a satiating effect? If so, is this another reason why fruits and vegetables + other micronutrient dense foods in general make you more full?",Calories in micronutrients?+
1691,p8zkn7,nutrition,"I see conflicting answers on this one. Fruits contain a lot of sugar, so for that reason shouldn't they contribute to belly fat gain if eaten frequently?",Can the sugar in fruit make you gain belly fat?
1692,p8z8h7,nutrition,"I had a hard time searching for something this specific, so I wanted to see if anyone here knew. 

With flaxseeds, is the phytoestrogen contained primarily in the lignans itself? If you consume just the oil, would you be consuming any phytoestrogens as well? 

Thank you!",Flaxseed lignan vs No lignan - Is the phytoestrogen contained solely in the lignans?
1694,p8y7ra,nutrition,Question,Is celery juice alkaline or acidic?
1695,p8y2rb,nutrition, What is the flexible diet concept for you? Comment ...,"Flexible Diets - ""Not so much to the sea, not so much to the land"""
1697,p8x28e,nutrition,Aka the perfect day of eating that would cover all your daily nutritional needs,"Nutritonally speaking, what are the three best meals you could ever have where one is for breakfast, one is for lunch and one is for dinner?"
1700,p8siqg,nutrition,"Does timing matter for fat consumption? Are there any benefits to fats being consumed with breakfast as opposed to later in the day?

Thanks!",Does it matter what time of day fats are consumed?
1702,p8ovp2,nutrition,Not sure if this question fits here but I’m curious. It’s the Betty Crocker fudge brownie brand if that makes any difference lmao .,Is there caffeine in brownies? If so how much?
1703,p8on5k,nutrition,"i like pumpking seeds to be roasted a little more till they are slightly brown , do they still have minerals in this state or do they lose all of them ?",Do pumpking seeds have less minerals after roasting ?
1704,p8o7n5,nutrition,"Studies like [this](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18429004/), [this](https://acsjournals.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1002/cncr.23527), and [this](https://academic.oup.com/ajcn/article/69/6/1345S/4715031) show that high doses of beta carotene increase lung cancer risk in current smokers but various places online people will vehemently promise it counts for previous smokers as well. I haven't had a cigarette in well over 8 years. Thank you in advance.",Does supplementing with beta carotene increase lung cancer risk in ex-smokers (like 8+ years ago) the way it does in current smokers?
1705,p8kblq,nutrition,"From what I understand, extra virgin olive oil is one of the few genuinely healthy oils to consume, and that its smoke point is around 180 - 200c.


Am I correct in assuming that frying chicken on a medium temperature would actually make completely healthy fried chicken? Am I missing something? 

(I am not talking about calories)",Extra virgin olive oil deep frying - healthy??
1707,p8cdpa,nutrition,The basics,What are the holy trinity of vitamins for muscle building?
1709,p8ak97,nutrition,"Current RDA is 3,500 to 4,700 mgs. But a banana has only 420 mg and only avocados and potatoes have a higher potassium content.

So I’m supposed to eat at least 8 bananas a day? That just doesn’t seem right.",How much potassium do really need?
1710,p894hl,nutrition,Is one glass a day fine to drink?,How much Green Tea is too much?
1711,p893j3,nutrition,"I know people reduce carb intake to control blood sugar levels or to go on a ketogenic diet but assuming someone isn't reducing carbs for any of those reasons, is it just healthy to do overall?",Is permanently reducing or eliminating carbs overall healthy in the long term?
1714,p8762a,nutrition,"Any thoughts or recommendations on energy snacks that are both low on sugar and fat ? 

Thank you",Recommendations on Low Fat and Low Sugar energy snacks
1715,p86ykd,nutrition,[deleted],Why do obesity rates increase as people age?
1716,p863cz,nutrition,"Title say it all really. I'm interested in whether anything in broccoli could potentially have any negative effects in some people and how. All I can find online when searching are benefits.

Thanks",Is there any mechanism by which broccoli could increase joint inflammation?
1718,p7vpek,nutrition,"There are some listed below.

Ancestral foods that I can think of (the usual suspects, plus some more obscure ones):

Natto (bacteria inoculated (soy-)beans)

Tempeh (mold inoculated (soy-)beans)

Kefir (bacteria/yeast inoculated milk/plant (milk)/water )

Sauerkraut/Kimchi (cabbage and other vegetables lacto-fermented)

Miso (yeast fermented (soy-)beans)

Sourdough breads (wild yeast fermented bread)

Red yeast rice (name says it all)

Chao (lacto-fermented tofu) / Stinky tofu (mold inoculated)

Fish sauce/ Colatura di alici (juice of fermented fish)

Alcoholic beverages: mead, wine, beer etc.

Chocolate

Black garlic (carameli

doushi (fermented black beans)",Know any obscure (ancestral) fermented foods that are worth a try?
1719,p7upxx,nutrition,"I see so many posts where people think that just because something is low calorie it automatically makes it healthier than other options. 

A good example is that stupid 60ish calorie keto bread. That stuff has zero nutritional benefit whatsoever","Cmon guys, low calorie ≠ healthier"
1720,p7umig,nutrition,"It seems like a pretty awesome way to supplement a decent diet, it's quick and easy and can be taken on an empty stomach. Of course it cannot replace actual greens, but instead fill in nutritional holes. The monthly cost is really what has me on the edge. Thoughts?",Thoughts on Athletic Greens?
1721,p7ugwf,nutrition,I was very confused how to track food today. I weighed 150g of potato chips from the freezer. After deep drying them to see how much oil was absorbed I was surprised to see that they now weigh only 80g. Please explain how this works and the best way to track it?,Weighing chips before VS after deep frying
1722,p7twzx,nutrition,"Essentially, obesity rates were low in the 60's and early-mid 70's.  They started going up in the 80's with fast food and foods with added sugar.

Are there detailed meal plans of what people used to eat back then, foods, portion sizes, time of day, etc?",Meal plans from 1960's/1970's?
1723,p7sbix,nutrition,In reference to this comment https://reddit.com/r/blackstonegriddle/comments/p74mrh/_/h9l60cp/?context=1,Is red meat bad for you?
1724,p7rfsb,nutrition,the amy's burrito is def more affordable. Although the chipotle burrito bowl def has more calories and is more fresh. I was wondering which one is more healthy?,is it more healthy to eat a burrito from chipotle or an amy's organic frozen burrito from the grocery store?
1725,p7rcr1,nutrition,"Me and my boyfriend wanted to buy some cookies to eat for breakfast (we are from Italy) and since we are both ""health nuts"", we wanted to find the healthiest cookies that are tasty. We picked few brands, tested them and we we were wondering which ones would be better for human bodies and guts:

They are all sugar free (they use maltitol) , high in oleic sunflower oil and without added vitamins/minerals. 

1. Cookies made with whole wheat flour (5 g of fiber per 100 g)
2. Cookies made with white flour with added fiber (10 g of fiber per 100 g)

The ones that are higher in fiber (white flour) made us more full, but our blood sugars raised up more intensly.",Whole wheat flour vs white flour with aded fiber
1726,p7psp6,nutrition,"Sauerkraut is good for gut health, do pickled veggies have the same benefits as they are easy to make, just put veggies in a jar of vinegar ?",Sauerkraut vs pickled veggies health benefit ?
1727,p7om2b,nutrition,"Hi everyone, 
I live in SoCal and I make sure to get as much sun as I can during the week. However, during the winter time especially, is supplementing with vitamin D even effective? Many say that the benefits of sunlight are not observed with vitamin D supplementation…",Verdict on Vitamin D Supplementation?
1728,p7lr2k,nutrition,hey everyone does the mac and cheese  as prepared include the butter and milk? or only includes the pasta and cheese sauce?,"question regarding "" as packaged"" and "" as prepared"" for mac and cheese"
1729,p7kunc,nutrition,"As I understand it, if you're at a caloric deficit for too long, you will experience metabolic adaptation, and that the way to solve this is to intermittently do maintenance to keep the TDEE up.

My question is:

When people like the biggest loser participants experience metabolic slowdown, where is the energy taken away from? Muscle? Brain? Or what else have you?","(Possibly) Newbie Question: In metabolic adaptation, and your TDEE goes down, what does the body cut the energy from?"
1730,p7keri,nutrition,As in title. Would it be stored and 'wait its turn' to be absorbed/used or would it it be excreted after a certain time?,"If I drank 40g protein, and body absorbed 10g an hour, would it all eventually be used or would it be excreted?"
1731,p7ih37,nutrition,"For example, if someone who had never tried caffeine before took 1000mg of caffeine powder, would they be more likely to develop a seizure or something than someone who has been drinking 2 energy drinks a day for the past year who also consumes 1000mg in identical fashion?",Are the negative effects of caffeine related to tolerance?
1732,p7fwyn,nutrition,"Which will be a better choice overall, between 'Cod-Liver Oil' &amp; 'Fish-Oil' as a supplement, considering a person is a Vegetarian (or Eggeterian) ?","How much difference is actually there, and which is better to consume, between the 'Cod-Liver Oil supplements', and 'Fish-Oil supplements', vis-a-vis our body's nutritional requirements for 'Omega fatty acids'?"
1733,p7fjl8,nutrition,,How can I gain weight to get stronger?
1734,p7f89y,nutrition,Especially if the individual has a low body fat percentage. Someone claimed this and I'm not sure what to think.,Do unsaturated fats metabolize or store differently in your body than saturated fats?
1735,p79jgx,nutrition,Is the conversion percentage of ALA from vegan omega 3 sources like chia and flax to EPA/DHA something that can be improved? Or is the percentage capped genetically?,What is the best way to boost conversion of ALA from Flax/Chia to EPA/DHA?
1736,p78kl2,nutrition,"I’m jus curious to know if you lived off only a sandwhich which consists of wholemeal bread, cooked chicken breast, tomato, lettuce.
What key nutrients is this missing? It is just a hypothetical question",What nutrition is missing if you lived off a chicken salad sandwhich
1737,p729he,nutrition,"
I’ve been trying to get started on a daily nutrition routine and these are some of the ones that have been popping up the most.  
-multi vitamins
- apple cider vinegar 
- Turmeric

I know I’m probably missing a bunch so just wanted to get some of your thoughts on these also what are some I should research? Also if you know any brands that have quality products please let me know that would be a big help. Thanks!",Daily nutrition advice
1738,p71y2u,nutrition,"I've been reading alot about the importance of the gut microbiome, the second brain. I am aware that probiotics play a role in promoting a diverse, healthy environment and that prebiotics feed those good bacteria, but I never see any discussion of how much (many?) probiotics and prebiotics you should consume, how regularly, and if there is any point of diminishing return.",Prebiotics and probiotics
1739,p71l6t,nutrition,"The first ingredient listed is “smiles”. I’m guessing it’s pronounced *smee-lays*. Is this an official scientific term? Or maybe a different language? I know french has deep ties to the culinary world. I’m just not able to find anything online about this ingredient or whether or not it’s safe/healthy. 

Thanks!",Help identifying an ingredient in my goldfish!
1740,p70wgf,nutrition,"So I picked up this protein bowl dinner which had chicken/beans/corn/rice. I looked through ingredients and couldn't find anything really bad. Sodium was also decent. It had a lot of fiber and protein which are good for you and not much preservatives (for reference it's the tex Mex protein bowl from healthy choice} 

What am I missing? I always heard frozen dinners are terrible but I don't see why. Want to hear what you guys think.

And no I'm not sponsored. Just a college kid looking to make life easier. Thanks.",What makes frozen dinners unhealthy?
1741,p6zc2b,nutrition,"I am curious if there have been any individual situations where one might have benefited from challenging a common nutrition fallacy. 

For example, it is suggested that Keto is not a great diet for strength training athletes due to low carb intake. But a friend of mine wished to challenge this belief for a few months, and they tell me they feel much stronger in the gym since starting.

It doesn’t have to be Keto related, I am just curious to see if there have been any personal or individual situations by which people have felt better by changing their diet in a way that goes against what studies suggest. 

Do you find protein to be less satiating than carbs? Did your acne clear up when you started eating more dairy? Do you find liquids to be more satiating compared to whole foods? Would love to know what you all have to offer!",What nutrition belief have you proven wrong based on anecdote?
1742,p6z3dm,nutrition,"Hello!  
Does blending a fruits or vegetables destroys the fiber inside it ?   
thanks",blending fruits / vegetable
1743,p6y32z,nutrition,"100 WAYS TO LOSE 5LBS OVERNIGHT SAFELY

Click here to get in life changing shape!!!

&amp;#x200B;

[https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-7jVmnS2-A9bKNqQ14DC3jr0wDjpNgbd/view?usp=sharing](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-7jVmnS2-A9bKNqQ14DC3jr0wDjpNgbd/view?usp=sharing)",FREE WEIGHT LOSS EBOOK
1744,p6xwv2,nutrition,"Hello guys, first time here so apologies if I'm on the wrong subreddit.


I noticed that recently I haven't been craving food at all. Even when I get hungry I just eat, but I don't really crave a particular food. I am wondering if that's normal or if this sudden loss of appetite should be checked. Thank you",Why do I not crave anything?
1745,p6vzqa,nutrition,"What causes people with hypothyroidism to gain more weight and people with hyperthyroidism to lose weight so quickly, if we look at it from point of view of nutrition science? People with hypo claim that even though they don't eat much, they still gain weight. People with hyper claim that they can eat a lot of food, but can't gain any weight.

In fitness world, it's generally known that if you eat below your maintenance calories (TDEE) for your age, height and current weight, you should be losing weight. If you eat above maintenance, you should be gaining weight.

So my question is, how does hypo cause that you can get more weight, even though you eat at maintenance or below maintenance level? What exactly underactive thyroid does to the food/calories/nutrition eaten?
And same for hyper, how does overactive thyroid cause that you can't gain more weight? Does it make the hormonal system out of whack so much, that the body can't process the excees amount of calories, so whatever it doesn't process for the body to used effectively, it just goes straight to bowels and down the toilet? And otherwise for hypo?

*If this sub is not the right one for this question, please direct me to correct sub, if you know of such sub. Thank you!*",What's really happening in the body when someone is rapidly losing body weight because of hyperthyroidism and gaining weight because of hypothyroidism?
1746,p6vxbr,nutrition,"So Ive used my fitness pal for months now to track every single nutrients to perfect amounts and I noticed the one thing lacking dramatically is potassium. I was reading research papers and reports on how only about 10% of people globally get the required  **3,500–4,700 mg**  of Potassium daily. The benefits of Potassium are self explanatory; they're huge. 

**My question is why are all the potassium supplements all so low in potassium and where can I get a good brand of it? Almost all of the nutrient labels on the supplements have extremely low amounts of potassium, some as low as 90 mg** which is hilarious because it would be no different then not taking the supplement. **What is a supplement that is reputable and would get me to the required**   **3,500–4,700 mg**  of Potassium.

\~Thanks in advance",Question about Potassium Supplements?
1747,p6vni6,nutrition,I’ve heard it leads to problems with insulin and diabetes but I am not quite sure if it is true.,How does artificial sweeteners affect our health and body?
1748,p6v84f,nutrition,"Hypothetically, if I were to have 1 meal a day, and that meal was a prime rib keg burger and a bowl of kale salad, would I be putting myself at risk of heart disease or anything?",Is it safe to eat 1 prime rib keg burger daily?
1749,p6ulcf,nutrition,I’ve heard that eating just broccoli and spinach for the “vegetable portion” of a diet is balanced enough to provide all the nutrients you need coming from vegetables. Is that true? What important nutrients does the body need that cruciferous vegetables can’t give?,Are cruciferous vegetables enough?
1750,p6t4ge,nutrition,"The calories, fat, carbs, and sugar. Google has many different answers.  


Also, what is considered a small, medium, and large potatoe?",What are the nutrition facts of potatoes that are 4 inches and 5 inches long?
1751,p6t3p3,nutrition,"Are carbohydrates, fats, and proteins burned in a certain order? Are certain macros more likely to be stored as fat? I keep reading conflicting information and was hoping someone here could clarify that for me.",How are macros burned?
1752,p6r2f1,nutrition,Can anybody explain how artificial sweeteners negatively impact the gut microbiome? I've heard many times that they are bad for you but do not understand why and in what quantity.,Artificial sweeteners effect on the gut microbiome
1753,p6r2f0,nutrition,Example being organic sunflower oil or high oleic sunflower oil,Do bad oils being organic or high oleic matter?
1754,p6qa76,nutrition,I would really appreciate it 😊,Best YouTube channels for Beginners/Easy to understand/entertaining Nutrition?
1755,p6os4i,nutrition,For a person who is trying to train regularly.,Is it better to have a little too much protein or a little too... little?
1756,p6ji7s,nutrition,"Vegetables are typically at the top of doctors/experts lists for healthy food, but are they still this high value once they've been pickled/fermeneted, outside of high salt content?

For example I've heard about issues with acidicity/probiotics, reductions in nutritional value, and gastric cancer ect. But I've found them to be much tastier than normal vege (foods like saukraut, kimchi, pickled red cabbage, pickles, jalapenos ect).",What is the concensous for eating pickled/fermented vegetables?
1757,p6h9p1,nutrition,"How does it tangibly compare to a few steps down? Like an average-ish joe who eats decently. Not great, but not horribly either. Maybe takes a multivitamin sometimes. Just an average person.",How much does being a “health nut” actually pay off?
1758,p6e2f0,nutrition,"Hoping that women/people who gets a period will answer this :) I CANNOT stay on track during my period. The week leading up to my period and the week of my period, I’m bloated, have cravings, extreme hunger, I don’t sleep well so I’m exhausted, etc. I’m trying to eat flexible in a calorie deficit. Does anyone have advice? I’ve tried allowing treats, working on my sleep, distracting myself, drinking lots of water, square meals, eating a little bit more etc- I just can’t find the binge!",Can’t stay on track during period
1759,p6dezu,nutrition,What’s good and should be avoided to protect gut health?,What should ones diet look like while on antibiotics?
1760,p6dced,nutrition,"They have a moderate amount of fiber, but besides that, they are really low in just about every vitamin and mineral, yet the saying, ""an apple a day keeps the doctor away"" is still a thing. As someone who eats 3 or 4 apples per day, I realize they are a better choice than a bag of chips or a cookie, but is there really anything else overly special about apples?","Why do apples, in particular, have such a high reputation for being healthy?"
1761,p6cxui,nutrition,Which will give me the most accurate reading of calories and macros.,Weighing pasta cooked or uncooked ?
1762,p6aioj,nutrition,"Hey all. I was thinking about brain health when I came across this article. It has some pretty solid advice. The article comes from Ohio State Wexner Medical Center.  


[https://wexnermedical.osu.edu/blog/boost-your-brain-power-with-the-right-nutrition#:\~:text=Fat%20is%20very%20important%20for,important%20for%20learning%20and%20memory](https://wexnermedical.osu.edu/blog/boost-your-brain-power-with-the-right-nutrition#:~:text=Fat%20is%20very%20important%20for,important%20for%20learning%20and%20memory).",Boost your brain power with the right nutrition
1763,p6aac6,nutrition,I tend to eat standing up most of the time just because I hate the idea that you HAVE to sit down when eating. So is there actually any merit to eating while sitting down?,What is the benefit to eating sitting down at a table vs standing up?
1764,p655fs,nutrition,I’m looking for some food recommendation and probably vitamin that I could take that could help alleviate stress? TIA,Diet and supplement that help with stress
1765,p653so,nutrition,"I love vegetables and greens, but it's hard to get them on a regular enough basis - If I do a weekly shop, the veg is fresh for a couple of days and then it's no good any more. I like frozen veg too but it's limiting I think - foods like spinach or peas are great frozen, but you can't get salads or anything that should be eaten more crisp.

Ive been sprouting seeds at home and I love them!
Everywhere I read that they have all these great nutrients and I read in the past they were used to substitute vegetables on ships where it wasn't possible to get fresh.

I wonder, if I really couldn't get veg, but could maintain constant supply of sprouts of mixed seeds and beans, would this be healthy? Or is it like, better than nothing, but not optimal?

Im not sure if sprouts are missing any nutrients we need, or if you'd need to eat a huge impractical quantity daily to replace other greens.

Would love to hear what you think.",Are sprouted seeds / bean sprouts a viable replacement for fresh vegetables and leafy greens?
1766,p64nme,nutrition,"It is something I'm pretty okay with but would like to hear other peoples opinions.

Almonds in particular are what I mostly eat. Any downside to this if I'm making sure to get other nutrients as needed?",Most of my calories are from nuts
1767,p64m0u,nutrition,"Hi everyone,
Can I take magnesium glycinate with just water before bed or is it better to take with a meal to increase absorption?",Magnesium Supplementation for Maximum Absorption?
1768,p61uq2,nutrition,"Hello, I am dealing with Nutrition in India, anyone who is interested then pings me for weight loss, weight gain, or weight maintain, boost energy, etc.",Good Food Good Health
1769,p61pc7,nutrition,Hi guys I am looking for any blender or Juicer recommendations that I can use to blend and juice vegetables such as broccoli and leafy greens. Also looking to mix with protein powders.,Blender/juicer recommendations
1770,p5y7r0,nutrition,"So the required portion size for ”1 of your 5 a day” is 80 gram per each individual serving.

If you had 5 300g+ portion sizes of different vegetables per day instead of 5 smaller sized portions how much better would this be for you?",Are excessive amounts of an individual vegetable good
1771,p5y70z,nutrition,"So the required portion size for ”1 of your 5 a day” is 80 grams minimum perindividual serving.

If you had 5 300g+ portion sizes of different vegetables per day instead of 5 smaller sized portions how much better would this be for you?",Are excessive amounts of an individual vegetable good
1772,p5xzle,nutrition,"I've heard that the greener ones usually have more resistant starch than the yellow ones, and that the starch turns to sugar as it ripens. Does this mean the yellow ones have less fiber or the same?",Do bananas have the same amount of fiber throughout the ripening process?
1773,p5uvuw,nutrition,Or is it reduced to just creaminess?,"Does milk making oatmeal keep its calcium, etc. when heated to make oatmeal?"
1774,p5unt6,nutrition,Is substituting lentil pasta for semolina flour a healthier choice? Both seem to have similar nutrients and the semolina actually has more vitamins.,Lentil pasta or semolina flour?
1775,p5u6hz,nutrition,"I've noticed even salt water fish are much healthier than their freshwater brothers and sisters. 

Does the salt retain water and hydrate you, or is it more long term than that?

T.I.A!!!",ELI5- Why is table salt bad for you but Sea salt is healthy?
1776,p5qybe,nutrition,"Just curious, I know hamburgers are high in iron, but is there anything else the body might be wanting from hamburgers/other cow based meat, besides iron, that might cause a craving for it?","If someone is craving a hamburger, what specific nutrients might they be craving, besides iron?"
1777,p5pofj,nutrition,(Since a lot of people probably don't eat fish 2 times a week),"Consensus on the different forms of omega 3 supplements? (Fish oil --&gt; ethyl ester vs triglyceride form, algae capsules, etc)"
1778,p5n1pc,nutrition,"And how can you make Pizza healthier? 

I assume whole grain flour would be the only option, mixed with traditional recipes with little extras.

The dough I currently use doesn't have oil in it either, there's only some in the tomato sauce. 

&amp;#x200B;

Also: Is traditional flour really that bad?",Got a cheap Pizza/Stone oven. What are some healthy foods that turn out good at 300-400°C (570+ Fahrenheit)
1779,p5mow2,nutrition,"Milk Chocolate Flavor 😍

Only 1g of sugar🥗

First protein that helps you calm your mind and reduce anxiety while building your muscles ❤️‍🔥

WE ARE ALMOST OUT OF STOCK.... SHOP HERE👇✅

[https://www.amazon.com/Organic-Ashwagandha-Protein-Powder-Chocolate/dp/B091YTVFJN/ref=sr\_1\_8?crid=2ZE8SHH7CACLJ&amp;keywords=protein+with+ashwagandha&amp;qid=1629140097&amp;sprefix=protein+with+as%2Caps%2C205&amp;sr=8-8](https://www.amazon.com/Organic-Ashwagandha-Protein-Powder-Chocolate/dp/B091YTVFJN/ref=sr_1_8?crid=2ZE8SHH7CACLJ&amp;keywords=protein+with+ashwagandha&amp;qid=1629140097&amp;sprefix=protein+with+as%2Caps%2C205&amp;sr=8-8)","Hey, Have You Heard about the magical herb Ashwagandha? 😏 First time EVER it is mixed with PROTEIN POWDER🤩"
1780,p5mg5m,nutrition,"Just seeing if anyone has any opinions on this guy and the Nutrition Coach Institute (NCI) he runs. Is this dude legit? Is NCI worth a shit? I’ve watched some of his videos and poked around his site and social media and he seems to be really dialed in. I agree with most of what he says. I just wanted to see if anyone else had experience with him or knew about his business. I’m a new nutrition coach finishing my degree in exercise science. I just quit my job as a paramedic, so I’m still learning the industry. Thanks!",Jason Phillips and NCI?
1781,p5m74q,nutrition,Can you help me understand the difference between Potassium Chloride and Potassium Bicarbonate? I’ve explored wikis for each and I’m not seeing which would be better for electrolytes. Specifically in regards to fasting or adding to food to enhance alkalinity. Which one would be better? What is the difference? Thank you for sharing what you know!,Potassium Chloride or Potassium Bicarbonate?
1782,p5li3s,nutrition,"I've stumbled upon a video in which someone suggests using conifer bark for dough, needles for smoothies and tea, making chips, bread and cookies out of different parts of the tree.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TtgzAlkMfwQ

Is this actually possible without risking poisoning or other negative effects?

I thought humans can't digest cellulose. Will it simply pass through the body without side effects? Is the cooking process enough to make it digestible?",Is it possible to eat trees?
1783,p5kzu4,nutrition,"I'm trying to understand the science behind someone being underweight, when they start intaking 2-3x the calories, how do they not get fat?

Let's say the person should normally be 165lbs based on height. They are currently 130 and look dangerously malnourished - arms and legs totally atrophied, ribs visible, etc. 

So, a trainer has them start weight training a different muscle group daily, and loading up on protein shakes and carbohydrates (75g+ protein daily) - along with a normal healthy rounded diet.

With all these new calories, and especially carbs, how is this not going to just make the person fat? Or more specifically, what makes the weight/mass go to the muscles and not their belly?

I really appreciate any info you guys can provide!",How do underweight people trying to pack on mass who intake 2-3x the calories not get fat?
1784,p5iwdd,nutrition,"My neighbor is a very sweet elderly woman, but she clearly seems to have some level of dementia at this point. She is always offering me candy that she buys from the local deli, but I’m pretty sure she doesn’t really keep much in the way of actual groceries or real food around. Anyway, I was thinking of picking her up some groceries. Any ideas on nourishing ready-to-eat stuff? She also recently chipped a tooth off her dentures, so maybe things that aren’t super crunchy would be better.

And yes I know the best thing would be to ask her, but at this point I’m not sure she’d be able to help me put together a whole grocery list.

I do have a pretty good idea of some of her likes and dislikes based on the snacks she has around or things she has offered me (she definitely likes coconut and tropical fruits and has said she hates strawberry, for example).   No common allergens either based on what I’ve seen her eat so far (peanut butter cookies, candy with almonds, etc.).

Some ideas I had so far:

Bread
Peanut butter or other nut butter + jam
Premade “energy balls”
Smoothie ingredients (for me to blend up for her - she really liked the smoothie I brought her from a local shop one time)
Greek yogurt
Premade protein shake type drinks
Bananas
Hummus",Best groceries to pick up for elderly neighbor with dementia?
1785,p5hlps,nutrition,"So I got some soft gels from Amazon,  their own brand actually, ""Amazon elements"" and they're apparently 268 mg each , and the bottle claims that's 1,787% the daily value. I did some googling and apparently you shouldn't take more than 15mg? If this is true then why are they selling it at such a high level? But anyway is this safe to take? I appreciate any help",How much vitamin e is safe?
1786,p5gqxr,nutrition,"It is advised to remove to the phytic content of nuts , they should be soaked overnight ideally and if ones wants to roast these soaked ones then they need to first dehydrate them in dehydrator and then proceed on roasting .
Since I don't have a dehydrator and soaked peanuts don't roast , can i soak them after roasting ? Will that remove the phytic content . Since roasting only lowers phytic content compared to soaking which is makes nuts more healthy and available.
P.S. I am using raw groundnuts .",Can soak the groundnuts (aka peanuts) after roasting them ?
1787,p5foxj,nutrition,Monster energy zero ultra drinks show 4 net carbs but 10 calories. How is this possible? What trickery are they doing? I thought each carb has 6 calories. 6 * 4 = 24.,Nutritional Info Discrepancy?
1788,p5ehgs,nutrition,"Hi everyone.. 
Today our hospital manager inform us when we order a formula for pt we should use the generic names like “ standard formula “ only . 
We have a lot of standard formula i try to explain to him but nothing will change.. 
anyone have a experience to how arrange it between us and kitchen. 
Like how we gonna distinction between Jevity and Ensure for example.",Today our hospital manager inform us
1789,p5dopn,nutrition,So yesterday i received my spirulina &amp; chlorella tablets and nettle tea. And it gave a big anxiety and made me fatigued. And the next day i had the biggest diarrhea and become finally relieved. Now i am not sure which one caused it so i wont use it again. I read that both have possible diarrhea side effect. What do you guys think?,Question about spirulina and nettle tea
1790,p5d23l,nutrition,"While soy itself may have its issues for some people, the fermentation process that produces miso changes the beans on a chemical level. This means that miso affects our bodies differently than non-fermented soy.

[https://www.healthdigest.com/404587/what-eating-miso-does-for-your-body/](https://www.healthdigest.com/404587/what-eating-miso-does-for-your-body/)",What Eating Miso Does For Your Body
1791,p5c9dw,nutrition,"I'd love to hear some of your go to recipes that are planet friendly.

I don't necessarily mean that everything has to be meat free and super healthy, just healthy for the planet, so not overly processed and has suitable swaps within them so that the health conscious and planet conscious among us can have a diet that tastes amazing, doesn't cost a huge amount and we can eat guilt free! Fire away please!!!",What are some of the best planet friendly recipes you've tried?
1792,p5bxcu,nutrition,"Hallo,
ich habe vor kurzem entdeckt, dass das P. Weissbier Alkoholfrei 0,0% bei 0.5l schon 50,6% des empfohlenen Tagesedarfs an Vitamin B12 deckt. (Bei anderen Bieren ist das deutlich weniger). Da mir das Bier gut schmeckt und ich mich hauptsächlich vegetarisch bzw vegan ernähre, ist meine Überlegung, ob ich nicht täglich wenigsten 0,5 l davon trinken sollte. Die Kalorienzahl ist niedrig, Alkohol gleich null und die restlichen Inhaltsstoffe sind mit Sicherheit auch nicht ungesund. Zudem kann ich mir vorstellen, dass Bioverfügbarkeit dieses B12s doch höher sein muss, als wenn man sich synthetische, ungebundene B12 Kapseln einschmeisst. Was denkt ihr dazu?","Vitamin B12 Bedarf mit Paulaner Alkoholfreiem Weissbier 0,0% decken?!"
1793,p59ml5,nutrition,I need to explain this to a small child.,NAC - why is it important?
1794,p58s8z,nutrition,"I just bought some hemp protein, and it says that it contains  6600 mg of phosphorus, or 660% RDI per serving. This seems excessive to me, is it okay to consume this often?",is it safe to consume 6600 mg of phosphorus in hemp protein?
1795,p58od0,nutrition,"Hi,
I’m going on a trip soon and I’m wondering how long raw cultured butter can stay unrefrigerated? (Stored in silicone bags)",Raw Cultured Butter Shelf Life?
1797,p578fr,nutrition,"I’m trying to bulk up and I’ve been told milk has lots of macro nutrients, but I’m lactose intolerant (not severely, just causes low-key diarrhoea I can usually handle it but it don’t wanna shit myself in the gym you know).
Is it worth taking lactase tablets to drink cows milk without issues or would it be better just to drink an alternative milk like almond or something?",Are lactase tablets worth it?
1799,p567il,nutrition,"As title says, I’m sorry but I am really confused as to how this works.","If there are 100g of chicken in 100g of chicken, but only roughly 35g of it are macros and thus become calories, what the heck is the other 65g?"
1800,p561kt,nutrition,I'm naturally very low in my vitamin D levels. I am outside alot but I'm a ginger and am limited to my skin exposure. Looking for another natural way to supplement vitamin D.,Looking for an easily prepared food high in Vitamin D
1801,p55emb,nutrition,"Made a vegetable and bean soup tonight. 

1 can low sodium black beans 
1 can low sodium pinto beans 
1 can corn 
1 yellow squash
2 cups of cabbage
1 can no salt added diced tomatoes 
1 cup low sodium chicken broth
Garlic 
Onion 
Seasoning",Is this meal healthy? New to cooking.
1802,p54d6k,nutrition,"Aside from the beneficial/‘healthy’ type of fats that are found in fish, avocado, nuts and almonds, etc., are fats the “worst” macro that you could consume?  Do they serve any good purpose, is there something I’m missing?",What’s the point of fats?
1803,p541uf,nutrition,"2000 calories

144g proteins

75g fats

168g carbohydrates 

For this daily intake how would some of the meals would look like?",How would you split this daily intake?
1804,p535s6,nutrition,"as the title suggests this about carbohydrates(specifically complex, so fruit, veggies, brown rice etc) . i personally believe they are a necessity in most diets. 
i’m trying to prove a point to my father that carbs are not the reason for weight gain and they are part of a healthy diet - he believes that no matter what the carb is it contributes to this. 
Can anyone give me evidence relating to carbs not translating to weight gain and perhaps the benefits of carbohydrate consumption?","Carbohydrates, bad?"
1805,p523jh,nutrition,What low calorie foods can be eaten as snacks all day every day (meals will still be eaten) for months or years without causing health issues?,What low calorie foods are safe to eat in excess?
1806,p5133z,nutrition,"Might seem like a dumb question but I’m new to this. So I made two cups of rice. I’m currently eating an 8th of what I made, which would measure as 1/4 cup. But the amount of rice on my plate would def fill up a whole cup because of the rice expanding. So which measurement do I use when logging my food?","When measuring rice, do we consider the size before or after it’s cooked?"
1807,p4zouo,nutrition,"How much d3 should i take when my body is never exposed to the sunlight? (max 1 hour a day) . I am 16 and I am already taking 4000 iu d3, havent had a problem yet.",How much vitamin D3 a day
1808,p4zbaz,nutrition,I’m curious as to what everyone else’s opinion is on them.,Multivitamins. Are they really worth our money?
1809,p4yczf,nutrition,Dr. William Li says processed meats cause cancer. What would be the least processed meat at Subway?,What’s the healthiest meat at Subway?
1810,p4xn9u,nutrition,"Continually confused about sugar guidelines. As far as I'm aware, the USDA guidelines on sugar intake is mostly referring to added sugar, and trying to curb the obesity epidemic. But sugar can also wreak havoc on your gut microbiome. How many g of sugar should you limit yourself to daily, to keep from disrupting your gut microbiome?

There's so much sugar in fruit. For example, I just looked at raisins. No added sugar, no nothing but seedless raisins - but there's 29g of sugar in one serving! It seems like a ton. No clue how much is too much.","Natural sugars (from fruits, etc.) - how much does it impact your gut microbiome, and what should you limit it to daily?"
1811,p4tg9c,nutrition,"Each state has its own rules for the cultivation, sale and use of medicinal cannabis. Despite a doctor's recommendation you must follow the law if you use cannabis.

Most shops will have to check your medical cannabis card for entry in their authorization file. If you apply as a GP, the patient may need to come to your appointment. 

The laws on medical cannabis vary from state to state, but steps to become an authorized patient of medical marijuana are the same. Finding a licensed pharmacy in a state where cannabis is legal for medicinal purposes is easy. If a pharmacy accepts a valid card outside the state, read the section below to learn more about the laws of reciprocity. 

Most states have on their government websites a page with their cannabis laws, information on registration for a health card and a list of licensed dispensaries. For example, in New York, a state used exclusively for medical purposes, there are ten pharmacies with stores in four locations.

In the United States there are several dispensaries where patients can buy medical marijuana. Patients must present their medical marijuana license, medical recommendation, and valid ID as proof of identity. The purchase of medical cannabis from a licensed pharmacy is important to ensure a high quality product.

Medical marijuana can be found in capsule form, just like any other over-the-counter or prescription drug. Patients are advised by their doctor to grow a certain amount of medical marijuana, which can often be found by buying clones or seeds available in pharmacies. Dispensaries have different varieties and types of medical marijuana, and patients may need a staff member to help them with the right type of medical marijuana. 

There are various purchase options, including [medicinal cannabis](https://weedbudbase.com/) at will. Your licensed physician can assist you with any questions you may have, and our competent staff at the Pharm table are at your disposal if you need them.

Choose a state-certified pharmacy that will guide you through its high-quality products. In each of these pharmacies you can be sure that our quality standards are rigorous and trustworthy.

Medical cannabis dispensaries often grant concessions to patients that recreational stores do not. This is evident in Colorado, for example, where medical cannabis patients can avoid the 10% retail tax on marijuana and the 15% excise tax that recreational pharmacy customers have to pay. Medical cards allow patients to access their medicines at a lower cost and make their healthcare more affordable and accessible. 

Registered patients and caregivers may purchase medical CBD products at federally licensed dispensaries. Possession of any amount of cannabis outside a state-licensed CBD is punishable by up to six months in jail and a fine up to $1,000. Iowa also determines the permitted forms of CBD drugs and the CBD / THC ratio. 

The Iowa Legislature passed SF 2360, also known as the Medical Cannabidiol Act, in 2014, which allows licensed neurologists to certify the use of CBD products with a THC content of 3% or less for patients with persistent epilepsy.",Laws Governing Medical Marijuana In The USA
1812,p4r9vv,nutrition,"My cronometer say with my desired diet i would hit about 150g of sugar a day, i was able to reduce it so about 100 but it still feels a lot. About 50 of this are from fruits (1 banana, 100g blueberries and a cup of mango) and 50 from veggies (sweet potato, carrots, zucchini, broccoli...). Usually i would drink a bit of orange juice or eat a tablesspoon of honey too, but now it just feels too much.",How much simple sugars *from good sources* is bad?
1813,p4qf41,nutrition,"Specifically Activia, but similar brands too. They're nice, but just having a debate. Are they pretty good for your digestion and a nice daily addition to your food/good breakfast? Or is it mostly just a desert without much nutritional value?",Are probiotic fruit yoghurts healthy?
1814,p4q1ko,nutrition,"I’m starting to do intermittent fasting again for health benefits and also to help with weight loss. I’ve also started back exercising but can only fit it in at 5am in the morning.  Being that I wouldn’t start eating till between 12pm and 1pm, will I still benefit from my weights and cardio sessions? Happy to hear what people have experienced with this please.",Question about intermittent fasting and exercise
1815,p4paia,nutrition,"Hi all. I would like to know your opinion on what's the best, multi functional, and budget friendly food processor that you can recommend? I will mainly use it for making nut butters, hummus, homemade patties, grinding spices for curry, shredding veggies for sauerkraut, etc. I came across with the brand and model Philips HR 7520 but I'm not sure if it has superb quality and functions according to my needs. Most of the articles online says Cuisinart is the top choice but it is expensive for my budget. Any advice will greatly help. Thank you and hope you're all safe!",First food processor for home use
1816,p4m91h,nutrition,Do we need to store Omega 3 pills in fridge or keeping it on kitchen countertop is fine too? I’ve heard that it gets oxidized at warm temperature or something. Any idea?,Omega 3 in fridge?
1817,p4kv5x,nutrition,"I’d say straight up sugar isn’t a common food.

I’m looking for actual common foods that are terrible, like funnel cakes, pizza, candy bars, etc.","What’s the absolute worst “common food” you can eat, ounce for ounce?"
1818,p4kehy,nutrition,"I keep saying ads for Flavor God, which is this seasoning brand that claims to have pizza and cinnamon roll flavored seasoning with 0 calories. 

Not gonna lie, I’m starting to get tempted to fall for it. Assuming that it tastes like it claims, what’s the catch? Anyone have any experience with them? 

I’d love to hear the good, the bad and the ugly about this brand. TIA.",Flavor God: What Am I Missing?
1819,p4jijx,nutrition,"Just curious if there are any study’s on how the amount of soy in the diet are linked with testosterone/estrogen levels in males specifically? 

I would assume the vegan diet would promote a disproportionate amount of estrogen?",Vegan diet/estrogen imbalance?
1820,p4ils4,nutrition,The idea is to have as balanced a diet as possible that will let you go through life with as small a nutrient deficiency as possible.....which two other foods pair best with potatoes to accomplish such a goal?,"Inspired by one of the comments on my earlier post, which informed me about how many different nutrients potatoes give you: Your goal is to have as balanced a diet as possible while only eating 3 food items, potatoes being one. What other 2 items do you add?"
1821,p4ikzj,nutrition,"If you have a healthy diet and take a multivitamin anyway, is it harmful, helpful, or does it have no effect?",What happens if you take vitamins when you don't need them?
1822,p4icre,nutrition,"Whats the difference and do they ever come pre-mixed. 

I've done some research and a fair bit of asking and right now I'm reading that creatine and protein powders are two different supplements that come separately, with nutrition labels properly stating that creatine is included in the powder if in the off occasion that the product already has it premixed. 

I just want to make sure that creatine is not in my protein powder which is pvl isogold vanilla.

Any answers?

Thanks.",Creatine vs Protein Powders
1823,p4icda,nutrition,De111.,What is De111 and is it safe?
1824,p4hs8b,nutrition,"I enioy fresh fruit and veggies but always find that they go bad before I can use it all.  I live in a rural community, so traveling to buy fresh produce more than once a week is not economical.   Is there some sort of food storage trick that I'm missing?",Food Storage Question
1825,p4hhob,nutrition,"I've looked on the internet and not found a satisfying answer. So I understand the basic idea that when people say ultra-processed, they're talking about say Oreos. Many articles talk about how all foods are processed at least a little when you cut and cook them.

My question is what if I make 'processed foods' myself from raw ingredients. I like to take cheese and mix it with butter, milk, MSG, and sodium citrate. When I melt it down, add geletine, and cool it, I basically get American cheese.  Is this an ultra-processed food?

What about other confections and condiments made from scratch.  Are they any healthier than their store\_bought counterparts?",What counts as an ultra-processed food?
1826,p4f8r9,nutrition,"Before someone says something like coconut juice, yes I know natural ones are better. But I want a powder on the days I want more convenience and save on money.",What ingredients do you usually find in higher quality electrolyte powders and what do lower quality ones usually have?
1827,p4f1jf,nutrition,"I think the nutrition labels on my Freschetta four cheese are inaccurate.  There are supposedly 80 grams of protein in the whole thing.  An average mozzarella stick only has like 6 grams per stick.  When I compare the amount of cheese on the pizza to the cheese sticks, I would estimate there would only be like 20 grams of protein in the whole pizza.  Am I missing something, or are these labels way off?","How much protein is in frozen pizza, really?"
1828,p4ehn7,nutrition,"**Ingredients:** Wholegrain Cereals (61%) (Wholegrain Rolled Oats, Wheat Flakes, Rye Flakes) Dried Fruit (32%) (Raisins (Raisins, Sunflower Oil), Apricots (Apricots, Rice Flour, Sulphur Dioxide), Chopped Dates (Dates, Rice Flour) Seeds (5%) (Sunflower Seeds, Pumpkin Seeds) Oat Flour. 

 

**PER 40G SERVING WITH 125ML SEMI SKIMMED MILK:**

* ENERGY  
786kJ; 187kcal 0.09%
* FAT  
2.5g 3.57%
* SATURATES  
0.7g 3.50%
* SUGARS  
14g 15.56%
* SALT  
0.08g 1.33%",Is this muesli healthy?
1829,p4eavr,nutrition,"I heard some minerals and vitamins can block the absorption of copper supplements.

Asides from Zinc, what are the others?",What minerals and vitamins shouldn't be taken with a copper supplement.
1830,p4e8zp,nutrition,"What’s the difference carb wise between banana and pumpkin? Let’s say 2.5 bananas per 1 cup pumpkin. 
Wanted to add, I can probably google this but I am lazy and stupid.",Difference in carbs.
1831,p4c0m2,nutrition,"I feel like genuinely don’t know what to believe anymore. I see tons of zero carb people saying bread and vegetables and sugar of any kind is poison and you should only eat unseasoned meat every meal? And then I see a lot of people that say in fact entirely plant based is the healthiest way to be? And I see everything in between like keto to people even doing high carb diet, etc.

People saying the food pyramids we were taught as kids is a bunch of lies funded by big produce companies?

It’s hard to know don’t know what to do or what to believe and feel like we should be doing a hour of research and cost benefit analysis before putting anything in our mouths",I’m so confused
1832,p4bmbm,nutrition,"Started working out 6 times a week in June 2021, and I’ve been taking 5g of creatine monohydrate a day for about a month now, and I just found out about how you are supposed to do a “loading period” of about 25 grams for 4 days. Is it smart for me to do that loading phase now, or is it too late? (P.S. r/gym isn’t helping me, any help would be appreciated)",Help with Creatine
1833,p4aqbh,nutrition,"or is it just me?

quest bars taste like dogshit",does any one else when eating a quest bar feel like they are living in a dystopian society?
1834,p48ltf,nutrition,"[https://www.sunchips.com/products/sunchips-garden-salsa-flavored-whole-grain-snacks](https://www.sunchips.com/products/sunchips-garden-salsa-flavored-whole-grain-snacks)  


These have always been one of my absolute favorite brands of chips, but I've heard some not-so-great things. What's everyone's consensus?",What's your opinion on Sun Chips from a nutritional standpoint?
1835,p47ly9,nutrition,"i discovered that potato proteins are surprisingly good quality and potatoes are pretty cheap, why are they not used (similar to pea and soy proteins) as a food supplement already?",why is potato protein not used as supplement
1836,p42vyl,nutrition,I live in a tropical country so its not the best time to get spinach at summer. So can someone suggest me a vegetable which grows in summer and very much similar to spinach nutritionally.,What is a vegetable which is similar to spinach nutritionally speaking at summer ?
1837,p42n1c,nutrition,"Basically, are there certain patterns of eating or particular foods that are widely seen as unhealthy but in actuality are neutral or even kinda healthy? And if so, why has this misconception come about?",What diets/food items are not nearly as unhealthy as the general public thinks?
1838,p41zne,nutrition,"I’ve been getting mixed results from google about whisky and elevated levels of triglycerides. I know beer and wine is a big no, but what about whisky/scotch with 0 added sugars? Is it safe to consume when trying to lower triglycerides?",Triglycerides and scotch
1839,p3xxqp,nutrition,"I’ve heard that eating in a similar dietary vein to your ancestors is beneficial, seeing as it is more natural for your dna/body.

Not to be confused with paleo which is just “eat like “””our””” ancestors did”, whereas ancestral dieting is specific to YOUR ancestral region and what they ate.

For example, some claim that if you’re from Nordic/Northern Europe, due to how they consumed a lot of animal fats, modern day descendants consequently digest saturated animal fats (and obviously dairy) better than those with central/southern ancestry.

This is thereby applicable to any region, such as Mediterranean, Middle Eastern, African, Eastern Asian, Eskimo etc..all of which have their own dietary highlights passed down.

Is this concept legitimate?",Is ancestral eating legitimate?
1840,p3xf1r,nutrition,Does fiber cause water retention such as carbs do or is there a difference?,just a quick question about fiber.
1841,p3x41e,nutrition,and how much body fat should you need to get abs? thanks!,how much body fat should you lose in a month in the safest way possible
1842,p3tp78,nutrition,"While eating healthy, it’s a lot harder to hit a caloric goal number, without eating so much you’re stuffing yourself 

Is being in a massive caloric deficit and eating very well just as bad to put your body into starvation mode? 

Or is calorie quality what really matters?",Caloric intake vs calorie quality in deficits.
1843,p3quu8,nutrition,"Like, one piece per day is fine. But if i add extra 2-3 pcs i fart so badly like last night, i keep farting all night until morning. Like is their any way to minimize its side effects? Obviously 1 pcs a day doesnt make much to my macros",Why i keep farting eating swet potatoes?
1844,p3ppro,nutrition,"Since I track my macros, I usually drink Diet things if im having a sweet craving. But im starting to think the fake sugar is far worse than the real. Thoughts?",Whats the deal with 'Diet' sodas?
1845,p3o106,nutrition,"Hi! 

Does anyone have experience with this type of diet? Is it just a fad? 

I’m also looking for a simple and inexpensive meal plan for someone without a kitchen. Any suggestions?",Anti-Inflammatory Diets?
1846,p3l0ca,nutrition,"I recently read a book called ""The Blood type diet cookbook"" by Karen Vago and I was interested is that true. Because I know a lot of people that has 0 blood type (in the book says that 0 can't live without meat) but people I know function better without meat even if they are 0 blood type.",Is a diet according to your blood type effective and true?
1847,p3ilgf,nutrition,"I’m a woman in my 30s, totally normal bloods etc when they’re checked, no unusual dietaries, pretty active (an hour plus of exercise 6-7 days a week). I’ll occasionally nap in the afternoon after a big morning of exercise, or if I had an early start for work, etc. and I always wake up from naps with huge salt cravings. 

Never wake up from an overnight sleep with these cravings, never crave anything else (eg sugar) after a nap, and it’s not something I experience intensely any other time. Interested to hear if anyone experiences the same or has an idea of what drives this.",Salt cravings after a nap
1848,p3ha8z,nutrition,does anyone know how to remove this? i may look skinny but my tummy is protruding.,remove protruding stomach/belly bulge
1849,p3gfj9,nutrition,"I love coke. As long as there is coke in the house, I will drink it.
Which is why I switched to Coke Zero. Iced, and in a glass, it's pretty close.

I also likes sirups. I make my own, from elderberry, so I know how much sugar is in it.
And it's multiple times less then in sodas, once watered down ~1:7 for a finished drink. Any more, and it's unbearably sweet.

So how come sodas have so much more sugar, but are not so much sweeter?

Maybe the question should better be in askculinary, not sure.",Why do sodas have so much sugar?
1850,p3g43x,nutrition,Current physique:.i am beginner with 5 months of resistance training and 8 months of diet .I weigh 62kgs and my height is 5'8. bodyfat 14%(self assessed).Some visible abs and i was a skinny fat guy previously weighing 81 kg.So should i go with lean bulk or body recomp?,Need diet advice on my current physique
1851,p3fq9y,nutrition,Any good advice for meals and prep to cut from 191 to 175. Looking to get a good plan together.,Road to 175lbs from 191.
1852,p3fbq5,nutrition,"Assuming a completely sedentary lifestyle with little movement-- also what is the typical bmr for women of this category? I'm 5,6, 145 lb. And im trying to reach 135 lb by the end of September.",How many calories does a sedentary 20 yo woman need to lose atleast one lb per week?
1853,p3f99e,nutrition,Which plants contain the highest amount of choline?,Plants containing highest choline
1854,p3elcl,nutrition,"Is it possible to hit the daily RDA of choline on a plant based diet? If so, which plants contain the highest amount of choline?",Choline intake - plant based sources
1855,p3e2j1,nutrition,I’m trying to find a good bar but there are so many out there and I am having a hard time picking out the better ones.,What are some of the healthiest protein/nutrition bars?
1856,p3dy2f,nutrition," 3 cups of jasmine rice (boiled), 1 cup of peanuts (raw unsalted), 4 eggs (hardboiled styled, only eat 2 of the yolks), multivitamin, water (every day)

and occasionally baked chicken thighs/breasts and occasionally moscato

i shop at aldis.",is this diet good
1857,p3cdoz,nutrition,"I just started taking vitamins seriously. Learned that coffee negates some vitamins and minerals when taken together. Learned that you shouldn't take some vitamins and minerals together since it all can't be absorbed at once.

When is the best time to take supplements?

So far I think zinc and fish oil are best before bed.

What is your opinion?",Timing your vitamins?
1858,p3b08x,nutrition,I decided to start incorporating it into my regular snacks recently thinking it would be loaded with protein like its chickpea and falafel family - but it barely has any? It's like 2 grams per 2 tablespoons. How could something made from ground up chickpea be so low in protein?,Was anyone else super disappointed by hummus nutrition?
1859,p39mwf,nutrition,We all know too much sodium can be bad but apparently low sodium can be bad too? I know sodium is a necessary electrolyte and there's a minimum we need to consume for our bodies to function properly but I just read about how some studies concluded low sodium can be as bad as too much sodium?? Apparently it may Increase risk of heart disease and may increase cholesterol levels too? I thought I was doing myself good by staying by in the recommended 1500-2300 limit but even those are what they consider too low. Too much is bad too little is bad god I'm so confused....,So confused about sodium now..
1860,p39b30,nutrition,"Can anyone explain to me how their serving of garlic mashed potatoes is 23 carbs and 11g fiber? Makes zero sense

When googling, it says 1 red potato is 34g carbs and only 3g fiber. Nothing else in the recipe adds fiber. Where are they getting these figures from???",Modern market garlic mashed potatoes nutritional info wrong?
1861,p394m0,nutrition,Does anybody consume MCT oil or powder daily … I know it’s a thing when on Keto but what if ur not is it a good thing for you?? I saw somewhere it can cause fatty liver disease,Mct oil or powder
1862,p38z1l,nutrition,"I understand that there isnt exactly *one* perfect amount of fiber for everybody in the world since we are all different, but what is recommended, the norm or baseline for a good amount of fiber (be it per day or per meal).",How many grams of fiber is “generally” considered a good amount or excess
1863,p38hnw,nutrition,I turned and looked at the nutrition facts on the back of the Tazo tea box and saw that it has 24grams of sugar but when I searched online if whether it was healthy or not there was no sign of anything dissaproving. Does anyone have any ideas?,Are teas like Tazo healthy?
1864,p37i4z,nutrition, Is there certain vegetables I should be avoiding for example cauliflower because it’s a cruciferous vegetable,Healthy vegetables
1865,p36t1i,nutrition," 

I was browsing revivesupps' products and it hit me, the serving sizes are massive and if you're someone who takes a commination of products, you could very well end up needing to down 15+ pills daily. Liver support is 4 pills, yohimbine is 1 pill, Omega-3 is 1 pill, kidney support is 4 pills (Up to 3 times a day), bergamot is 2 pills, Calm+/Cortisol is 6 pills, and blood pressure support is 2 pills. This would mean that the daily intake would be a minimum of 20 pills daily...is there a method to divide all this throughout the week or is daily intake the most optimal?

Sorry if this question comes across as redundant or silly.",Are people really taking 15+ supplemental pills daily?
1866,p36prn,nutrition,I've pretty much attained my goal weight of 180ish lbs and I'm comfortable with in 10lbs of that. I love working out but I absolutely hate tracking calories and I have no goals of being under 14% bf. I think im around 15ish right now which is fine. I just like to look decent and enjoy working out and hope to continue to get stronger and add some more mass. I'm terrified of getting fat again weight again if I stop counting but I think it's starting to take the fun out of why I enjoy weightlifting. Any one found them selves in this situation before?,Really hope I get some good advice here.
1867,p34fdu,nutrition,I’ve been thinking about this and needed some answers..,Is breakfast really the most important meal of the day?
1868,p34dyq,nutrition,"I understand the distinction between soluble and insoluble fiber, and that's it's important to get a variety of both in your diet.

 Lately I have seen more and more ""keto"" style bread products that have very low net carb counts and extremely high amounts of fiber. The most recent example being some bagels I tried from Aldi that are 90 calories each and have a whopping 29 grams of dietary fiber, which achieves the recommended daily value in a single snack. (I haven't experienced any GI distress, for what it's worth, though my body is pretty used to high fiber)

 This got me thinking about whether or not the fiber in these foods is ""as good"" as that from fresh fruit and vegetables. The ingredient lists always seem to have modified wheat starch, oat fiber, wheat gluten, whey protein isolate. 

So I guess my question is: am I still getting the health benefits of a high fiber diet if the majority of it is coming from these processed sources?",Is all dietary fiber created equal?
1869,p340yk,nutrition,I’d think if it were just amino acid ratios you could take plant protein and supplement in one of them or something,Studies show animal sourced protein is more hypertrophic. Is there a theory on how the body knows?
1870,p33s21,nutrition,"Hello everyone, I have what may be a stupid question. How am I supposed to balance my macros while still meeting the recommended protein consumption of 1g/lb of body weight?

I'm 180 right now, which means (according to what I've read) I should be eating about 180g of protein a day.

According to My Fitness Pal, the app I use to track my calories and macros, only 20% of my calories should be coming from protein while 30% of my calories should come from fat, and 50% from carbs. 

The app tells me that about 28oz of chicken meets that protein goal (obviously you can eat other things but for simplicity let's stay with chicken) which comes out to about 840 calories.

The app also says I should be consuming about 1870 calories a day to lose weight (my goal being 160-170).

This means I have about 1000 calories to allocate to my fat and carb macros, which should be 80% of my calories.

What am I doing wrong? Does My Fitness Pal just suck, or am I looking at this the wrong way?

Thanks in advance.",Trouble Balancing Macros Meeting The 1g/lb Recommendation
1871,p33dp0,nutrition,How does one correct this issue,How to correct dawning phenomenon
1872,p3188f,nutrition,"I think something where you put in your daily needs then it offers suggestions on how to meet those needs might be what I'm looking for if that's a thing. I know myFitnessPal kinda does that, but as far as I know it didn't show micros and I don't think it offers suggestions unless I'm mistaken",Are there any apps or websites that are good for making your own food plan that are free?
1873,p31398,nutrition,So basically I noticed some protein bars aren’t going by this rule? Why might this be?,The 1 gram of fat = 9 calories 1 gram of protein= 4 calories 1 gram carbs= 4 calories rule not applying?
1874,p305lq,nutrition,Was just curious because my omega supplements have vitamin A in them at 625 mcg RAE a day and I don’t know how many IU this is or if I can overdose at this level. Thanks!,How much vitamin A mcg RAE us ok to consume each day???
1875,p2yxqn,nutrition,And can we change it?,Does everyone have a plateau weight? Is there a point where a person's body settles?
1876,p2ysls,nutrition,I was wondering if this is possible because I am trying to bulk up although im on the higher end - 12% bf to where i can decently see the 6 pack. If I get fat quick will I still be able to build muscle or should I continue cutting and then bulk? Im at 15yo so im kind of conflicted here,Can you build muscle with a good amount of fat?
1877,p2yium,nutrition,"I broke thumb (dominant hand) mountain biking.  I have trouble holding a knife, let alone chopping and making a meal.  Will be several weeks before I can use it again… need some help with staying healthy without a lot of cooking.  

I know I can do microwave rice and some frozen veggies, what about protein?  Never tried canned chicken but I know that’s a thing… seems a little gross but whatever.  What else could I do for protein?",Eating Healthy with 1 Hand
1878,p2y8tn,nutrition,"In this article, the author links the high protein diet risk to being an unhealthily low weight. I wondered what you thoughts were on this topic.

https://optimisingnutrition.com/can-too-much-protein-accelerate-aging/",What do people think about high protein diets effect on longevity?
1879,p2xvbn,nutrition,"Here I'm talking about vegetables like Carrots and Green Beans. I have been wondering if I could just wait for the water to cool down so I could drink it all. But I don't know if that'd be okay. I've heard that after the cooking process of the aforementioned vegetables, the water in which it is cooked, contains a lot more nutrients than the respective vegetable itself. And same for Peas. I just need a bit of confirmation and enlightenment in areas where I seem to know less. Thanks.",Will it be okay to consume the leftover water from cooking a specific vegetable?
1880,p2vxb1,nutrition,"I doubt i'll get a response because my I'm not really going to be able to give simple short questions but I'll try my best in hope of a response. I am also quite certain I have fundamental misunderstandings of the subject.

1. What is the purpose of carb loading before/after a workout? If I give my body energy through carbs, wouldn't I be using that energy instead of burning fat? Isn't that the exact opposite of what you want to do? 
2. Why eat complex carbs over simple carbs? I read that simple carbs are processed quickly but how does that translate to fat gained/lost? Is it just energy and insulin that is worried about there and not necessarily actual fitness (as in muscle gained, fat lossed)?
3. On the same vein as question 1, why eat carbs instead of protein? Isn't it better to drink/eat protein so its directly processed for muscle repairs, rather than just burning that energy through carbs? 
4. Why replenish your glycogen through eating before/after a workout whenever you want to lose fat? Isn't the whole point that you deplete glycogen so your body turns to fat for energy? How can you lose fat with glycogen deposits are full?",Carb loading/glycogen/simple carbs. Very confused. Help a dumbo.
1881,p2syp6,nutrition,From what I've searched on google milk does seem to have an overall positive effect but I would like to know if it is worth it specifically when trying to gain muscle.,Does the negative affects associated with the female hormones in milk outweigh it's nutritional benefit and protein content?
1882,p2snkj,nutrition,"I'm curious about shelf stable probiotics. I came upon something called probiotic prunes and probiotic apricots. [Here's an example they sell at Albertson's](https://www.albertsons.com/shop/product-details.960304854.html). 

I'm curious about two things: (1) would a shelf stable probiotic like this be as effective and useful as a refrigerated one such as kefir, yogurt, etc. (2) if refrigeration is necessary for live probiotics - does this mean something like these probiotics prunes, would be no better than the sort of probiotic capsules out there? Also, would these be healthy in general?

-----------

**Ingredients in the apricots**:  ""Dried Apricots, Sunflower Oil, Bacillus Coagulans GBI-30 6086. Sulfur Dioxide and/or Sodium Bisulfite Added as Preservatives."" 

**Ingredients in the prunes**: "" California Pitted Prunes (Dried Plums), Vitamin B6 (as Pyridoxine HCl), Vitamin B12 (as Cyanocobalamin), Vitamin E (as Acetate), Iron (as Ferrous Gluconate), Ascorbic Acid, Sunflower Oil (Adds a Trivial Amount of Fat), and Bacillus Coagulans Gbi-30 6086 (Soy), Potassium Sorbate Added as a Preservative. ""","Probiotic prunes/apricots - are they as good as refrigerated probiotics (yogurt, kefir, etc.)?"
1883,p2slcb,nutrition,"Not sure what the perfect diet is or what is considered a “flawless” eating habit - but if you ate a certain way for the rest of your life, could you potentially never experience a stomach ache?","Theoretically, if you ate *flawlessly*, would you never have a stomachache?"
1884,p2sk7w,nutrition,"Till March 2020, I had a good routine. I used to go to the gym in the evening every day and I was seeing changes. Had been at it for about 6 months back then. Then we all know what happened. So I couldn't continue and had zero motivation to workout at home. Then one thing led to another and here I am, planning on resuming it this month. Now, my questions are:

1. I also plan on practicing yoga for flexibility so should I do that and Bodyweight Cardio in the morning and workout in the evening? Or should it be any other way? 

2. Should I start taking whey protein right from the beginning or may be wait a little, get my body into action and then start taking it? 

3. Also, I am about 80kg in terms of body weight, so how much protein per kg should I take? I wish to have a lean build with well defined muscles (idk if this is the correct way to write what I am aiming at). Currently, I am average, with not much muscles to show and have some fat around the torso. 

4. Should I go for whey concentrate or whey isolate and what are the pros/cons of going with either?",Resuming workout after a year and a half and planning on starting with taking whey for the first time. Need advice.
1885,p2mmni,nutrition,"Hello everyone, I'm planning to start doing surplus to gain some muscle but also to stay lean. Any suggestions and tips on my macros and how many calorie intake should be? I'm 5'8"" height and weight 138pounds with 10.7% bf. 


Thank you in advance!!!👊👊👊",NEWBIE here asking for guidance
1886,p2lxh1,nutrition,"I'm a bodybuilder and need almost 4000 calories per day and I recently had a couple of teeth out (hahahahaha irony hahahahahahahahahaaa 😥) and so I've been restricted to a fairly liquefied diet. Soup (only 90 calories), soggy bread (about 400 calories in 4 slices), whole/chocolate milk (maybe about 600 calories) and the other 2500 or so calories comes from liquid meals and protein shakes. 

Anyway there's about 132g added sugar in a 6 pack of ensure. This week I've probably been getting about 160-180g added sugar per day. Am I going to die lmao? I'm not going to gain unwanted weight but do these kinds of doses decrease insulin resistance to the point of diabetes being a risk? It also runs in my family. I'm otherwise usually pretty healthy. I just don't have any nutrient dense alternatives, I'm too busy or exhausted to make protein smoothies and stuff :( 

Tl;Dr: how risky is 180g added sugar/day for 6'1 160 lb male?",How much ADDED sugar is SAFE?
1887,p2lit4,nutrition,Which is better for your health  ?,Is regular iodized table salt really chemically processed which makes it healthier to use sea salt ??
1888,p2l7ts,nutrition,Like adding them to yogurt,Is eating vanilla/almond/caramel extract raw with food dangerous?
1889,p2l2nk,nutrition,"For me it was beetroots, I ate them for months as preworkout boost also for it's cholesterol benefits then I found out that the nitrate content in beetroots is considered carcinogenic",What food you were eating regularly thinking it is a healthy food then found out it is not?
1890,p2kxkn,nutrition,"I've noticed a difference after eating flax and chia freshly grounded with a fatty meal vs just taking it on their own. Is it all in my head or does fat amplify the benefits of them?   


When I say on their own, I usually make chia pudding for example and just soak it with cinnamon and honey and have that, vs eating it with some ghee added in.

I am not sure if it's placebo so I wanted to see if there was indeed benefit in combining it with a fat source. 

Thank you so much!",Are flax and chia seeds (ground) better taken with a fatty meal?
1891,p2khbf,nutrition,"Just looking for any solid options for truly low fat and low cholesterol options. If I can still eat meat, is fish the only 'smart' choice?","Looking for low fat, low cholesterol options. Fish, greens?"
1892,p2k9w1,nutrition,"Like saying a bag of chips are carbs. Are we stupid. Potatoes are healthy = good carbs. The processed oils, chemicals and salt are what's bad for you not ""carbs"". No wonder the obesity rate is through the roof.",I can't get over how nutritionally retardant some people's brains are to nutrition
1893,p2k5wz,nutrition,"Was wondering if a bedridden overweight person cut their calories to lose weight, would they first lose fat or muscle.","If an inactive person diets (cuts calories) do they lose fat or muscle first? If possible please provide sources for answer, such as studies."
1894,p2k4qd,nutrition,"It seems like the diet necessary to gain large amounts of muscle goes against a lot of other nutritional advice, especially surrounding intermittent fasting. A few examples of this dichotomy:

- Weight-lift diet: eat 5 meals a day + snacks
- Other advice: intermittent fast, try not to snack

-Weight-lift diet: eat foods with high glycemic index for muscle growth
- Other advice: foods with high glycemic index can lead to diabetes and other health problems

- Weight-lift diet: be in a caloric surplus to gain muscle
- Other advice: a caloric deficit causes burning of fat, has benefits for the brain etc.

Can you think of other examples of this conflicting advice? Can a “weight-lifting” diet be considered healthy?",Is the “weight-lifting” diet unhealthy?
1895,p2gsx3,nutrition,I came across this Exo Cricket Bar recently but I’m not sure what to feel about it…,Have anyone tried insect protein before?
1896,p2drcg,nutrition,"so lets say an average built female and male but they both are the same weight and height, both exercise regularly do they still need the same amount of calories despite the gender difference",if a male and female were same size do they both need the same amount of calories?
1897,p29c52,nutrition,"Hello! Hoping for the experts’ insight on this, but everyone who’s previously done/experienced this are very much welcome to give their insights!

What are your thoughts on reverse dieting? I’m currently watch Emilia Thompson Q&amp;A about her EIQ webinar (it’s on a private group so I can’t link here unfortunately) and they briefly touched on reverse dieting, or slowly adding cals to a dieting person’s final cals for weeks at a time until they reach maintenance, as pointless and that you should just get back to eating at maintenance after the dieting is over. 

I’m currently undergoing a 5-week cut and I only have until this week left! I was planning to go on a reverse diet starting next week but with this information, I am baffled? Should I just eat at my new maintenance right away? I’m afraid of gaining fat and undo all the work I’ve done in the last few weeks, when I really just want to maintain here on out.

Hope anyone who can read this help me! Thank you!",Reverse dieting: slowly increasing cals or going straight to maintenance after cut?
1899,p298lt,nutrition,"Study: [https://academic.oup.com/ajcn/article/105/6/1462/4569801](https://academic.oup.com/ajcn/article/105/6/1462/4569801)

Studies are definitely in favor of moderate fish consumption with warnings about mercury, but they are not compared to whole foods plant based.",Comprehensive study got me thinking. Does whole food plants based diet benefit from fish?
1900,p2746w,nutrition,"Kinda going off of a different post.
Are we developing something that will be eaten for pleasure without the consequences?",Are we working on food that doesn’t have calories?
1901,p25zi9,nutrition,Good or bad?,Roasting Vegetables
1902,p25yvq,nutrition,"Hey y'all! Just wondering if anyone had any favorite healthy foods from Aldi's, as it is incredibly cheap and I enjoy shopping there. Personally, I find they have great deals on frozen fruit and yogurt! If you have any cheap meals made from there, drop those as well!",Aldi's nutrition
1903,p25kte,nutrition,"Hi everyone!

I'm a little bit confused between two products, and I'm hoping some of you may have some insight:  


[https://www.amazon.ca/Viva-Naturals-Organic-Quinoa-Non-GMO/dp/B00JPJRQ7W](https://www.amazon.ca/Viva-Naturals-Organic-Quinoa-Non-GMO/dp/B00JPJRQ7W)  
Their 'Nutrition Facts' include numerous minerals in their product.  


[https://www.fatsecret.ca/calories-nutrition/western-family/organic-whole-grain-red-quinoa/1-4-cup](https://www.fatsecret.ca/calories-nutrition/western-family/organic-whole-grain-red-quinoa/1-4-cup)

Save-On-Food's product, however, does not.

If I was to purchase Save-On-Food's product, would I be missing out on these minerals? Why don't they have them? I've looked around the web and it seems quinoa has much more properties then what these two labels are showing.   


Does it matter which one I purchase?  
Am I missing something?

Thank you :) :)",Hoping for a little bit of insight from those more educated. Is there a difference between...?
1904,p24yl6,nutrition,"Was thinking about trying overnight oats till I heard someone say that you can get parasites from uncooked oats, so I'm curious.",Is there any evidence that you can get parasites from uncooked oatmeal?
1905,p23o62,nutrition,"I’m almost thirty years old and have been taking —

&amp;#x200B;

* 100mcg Vitamin D3 (only in low sun exposure months of October to March)
* 120mcg Vitamin K (year round)
* 25mg Zinc (year round)
* 2000mg Vitamin C (all year, except June-August)

&amp;#x200B;

Im not concerned about the safety of these in the current tense, as my physician has said these are the upper limits of what I should intake of these vitamins based on my physical health. **What my question is:** will taking these supplements interfere with my bodies abilities to metabolize these in natural form when I am older? Might be a stupid question and that’s the reason I didn’t bother to ask my Doctor.   


To clarify any potential confusion — I’ve been on this regimen since I was 22(8years) and I worry that if for some reason I lose the ability to purchase these supplements either financially or other means that it will negatively impact my bodies natural processes?   


side note: haven’t been sick since I had the flu at 19 — not even a cold.",Question regarding supplemental nutrition and the future
1906,p23005,nutrition,I took too many multivitamins and now my doctor wants me to cut way down on vitamin A. Do pomegranates have Vitamin A? How much?,Do pomegranates have Vitamin A?
1907,p22wv3,nutrition,"If we were only able to eat a slurry that was nutritionally balanced but didn’t taste good, would it have any effect on our wellbeing? Would we adjust to it and move on? Would we get sick of it?",How important is it to eat pleasurable and good-tasting food?
1908,p20imu,nutrition,"What would you recommend to me as trustworthy source of nutritional information? Ofc. WHO, FDA, EFSA... But they usually provide information too simplistic - meant for general public. I need specific info! And using [duckduckgo.com](https://duckduckgo.com), or [google.com](https://google.com) you are going to find the right opposite: disinformation websites, which provide little to no sourcing and are shady AF! 

I Am interested ATM about food timings, because when you eat is probably as important what you eat! But I can't find any legitimate information about that!!!

We are lacking info about nutrition! Products have minimal information, so people don't know what they eat! Nutritional specialists are 90% scam... And food industry isn't focused on health of people, but quite literally only for profit! Rather they are trying to dumb you down and destroy your health... E.g. corporations lobby against studies which show sugar is unhealthy and that we eat too much of it... [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmI7NnMqwLQ&amp;list=PLCqVjSmgi6Go\_5lfKBo1C8jEXrV6QD1kz&amp;index=6](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmI7NnMqwLQ&amp;list=PLCqVjSmgi6Go_5lfKBo1C8jEXrV6QD1kz&amp;index=6)",Sources for nutritional information?
1909,p1yrvj,nutrition,"Nearly every review site is full of ads, companies on amazon buy fake reviews, so I really have no idea scientifically what is the best possible superfood/greens powder I can buy?
Anyone have any objective views or maybe a comparison table on this?",Scientific comparison of green/superfood powders?
1910,p1xzmu,nutrition,"I've started growing sprouted lentils and snacking on them raw. Is this worth it and/or safe, or am I just wasting my time?",Are raw sprouted lentils healthy?
1911,p1xu1a,nutrition,"Instant ramen noodles are notoriously high in sodium (referring to store-bought packets of dry noodles, not ramen restaurants), but I’m curious how much of the sodium is actually in the noodle and how much is in the flavoring packets that usually comes separately packaged? On the nutritional values charts listed on the back side of the packaging I’ve checked, there is no separate list between the ramen noodles and the flavoring packets that I’ve seen. Just curious if the noodles would be measurably more nutritious (respectively) if you were to ditch the packet or just make a broth yourself and only use the noodles. Thanks!",Ramen noodle nutrition
1912,p1w2oo,nutrition,"Sucralose, aspartame, acesulfame k etc. Do they stimulate an insulin response?",Sugar substitues
1913,p1vo5t,nutrition,"Is alcohol really *that* bad? 

In an absolute ideal scenario where someone is aiming for peak optimal health, would there ever be a case for consuming *small* amounts of it versus none at all?",Is there ever a case where small amounts of alcohol consumption is better than none?
1914,p1sxuz,nutrition,"From my understanding, refined carbs still count as carbs but they serve very little nutritional value. If I'm trying to build a little muscle, will refined carbs help me the same way unrefined carbs will if I'm still eating enough protein, fat, and fiber?",Do refined carbs help with muscle growth?
1915,p1rwcy,nutrition,"Seeing that diet drinks are very widespread nowadays (diet pops, juices, sugar free energy drinks), I've been wondering: why don't we do the same with food? Substituting the sugar in food with artificial/natural sweeteners like aspartame, sucralose, stevia, erythritol etc. would provide many positive benefits to society such as lower obesity rates, lower diabetes rates, and less wear and tear on teeth. Is there something that is stopping us from doing so? Some sort of catch?",Why don't we have sugar substitutes in food like we do with diet drinks?
1916,p1rm4v,nutrition,"I started portion control today to help keep my calories under control. I ate a cup of cucumber and carrot salad, two cups of cooked vegetables, 1 cup of lentils, 1 cup of cooked millets and 1 cup of curd. I felt full during lunch, but I felt hungry in the evening again. I ended up eating unhealthy junk like biscuits, chips",Overeating after portion control
1917,p1py6i,nutrition,"Understanding the Okinawa Diet, a Sustainable Diet, a Mediterranean Diet the Planetary Health Diet, a Keto Diet and a Paleo diet all have their strengths.

What evidence is there to show that any of these are useful for life expectancy and general health?

I've read that seasonal farming and low processed foods correlate with lengthened telomeres in an associated rather than causative relationship but would love to know if there's anything more substantive than EAT-Lancet papers?",What dietary evidence is there for the effectiveness of particular diets?
1918,p1pi4s,nutrition,"I’m cutting out a lot of dairy because of some stomach issues and I ran into high protein soy milk. 

20g of protein for 1 cup is the serving size. 

Any down sides to drinking 1-3 cups a day?",Are there any downsides to Silk Ultra?
1919,p1oj76,nutrition,"A 100g pack of sprouts has 30 kcals. But somewhere on the net it says that if we boil it, it goes below 30 calories too.
Similar with veggies like cauliflower, green beans, peas, do they lose more calories when boiled?
Let's say a 100g of raw beans has 30 calories
If boiled, will it lose more too?",Do vegetables lose calorie count when boiled?
1920,p1lfqm,nutrition,"Over the past couple years, I’ve experienced chronic fatigue, low energy levels, poor sleep, crazy water bloating, and an inability to seemingly make any progress in the gym or gaining weight. I could eat 3000-4500 calories (I track calories).. and nothing. I could also eat 1000 calories a day and not feel hungry at all. I’ve tried many elimination diets and had nothing work in lessening my symptoms to any extent. 

A couple weeks ago, I decided to cut out all dairy products and my body has nearly done a complete 180. I don’t have trouble sleeping anymore, I don’t have extreme water retention, I get huge muscle pumps in the gym, I actually feel my body getting hungry, and I overall look and feel much better.

I’ve never known myself to be lactose intolerant, and I have no notable symptoms after consuming dairy - other than my stomach basically shutting off. Eating ice cream or drinking milk would make me feel no hunger at all for extended periods of time.

Has anyone experienced anything similar or understand this? Is it possible for dairy products to shut down digestion? I was consuming anywhere from 500-1500 calories a day from protein shakes (whey), milk, cheese, etc. if my body did have some aversion to dairy, would it even digest this stuff, and would it digest other food that I’ve eaten with it?

Thanks for any insight",Insane energy levels after cutting dairy?
1921,p1i3ni,nutrition,Over the past week ive averaged ~35000 IU of vitamin A which according to cronometer is about 1150%. Is this too much and how long would i need to eat like this to have too much?,How much do you need to eat to get too much Vitamin A?
1922,p1g643,nutrition,"I've read that eating cinnamon powder, if inhaled, can cause serious lung problems. Lately I've been overthinking cinnamon when I sprinkle it on toast or other foods, worrying that I may accidentally inhale it. Now I just put it or together. I feel like my rear is irrational but at the same time I feel that is is not. What do you guys think?",I'm afraid of eating cinnamon after rearing how dangerous it Is if inhaled.
1923,p1fyv4,nutrition,"I've been doing good, but today is just one of those days. I am definitely not anywhere near a phase where I am in control of my eating to have a cake on a ""birthday"". I think I can definitely have a treat, and be ok, but it's not a habit I want to be pulling all the time. Is there ever a time when it makes sense or is it better just to keep fighting it?","Objectively speaking when attempting to quit sugar, is a cheat meal ok or will it just do more damage in the long run?"
1924,p1e6qt,nutrition,Title,What would be the benefit of taking biotin supplements?
1925,p1cis5,nutrition,"I’ve had this thought all day today, and I wanted to take to this community to see what you all think. Hypothetically, if a person were to have to choose to stop either eating fruit or vegetables (and be able to continue to eat everything else) for the rest of their lives, would there be an inherently healthier/better option to choose on the basis of how nutritious fruits/vegetables are to us? Thank you!",Are fruits or vegetables better for us? Or are they fairly equal in terms of how nutritious they are?
1926,p1az6y,nutrition,"I see a lot of debate surrounding canola oil and it confuses me. I have searched for research, but the only research I found was that it decreases ldl-c which is of course a good thing. so if you have any RCTs or even meta analysis or systematic reviews then please send them. No mechanic studies and no population studies.",Are there any RCTs which show that canola oil negativity affect biomarkers?
1927,p1aoaw,nutrition,Most efficient way to get enough protein? By full body weight in kg x 1.3 grams or full body weight in lbs times 1.3 grams or whatever?,Adequate protein
1928,p17vqp,nutrition,While going through college I was always told that the over-consumption of red meat is a huge cause of negative inflammation in the body. I haven't thought about it in a few years and recently starting thinking about diets more and I found articles that claim carnivore diet actually DECREASES the amount of inflammation. What's the truth on this? Trying to google it just leads me to articles that don't really seem... credible.,Carnivore diet and inflammation
1929,p17hg5,nutrition,"This is probably a dumb question, but I’ve been diagnosed with a ton of food intolerances and my nutritionist doesn’t have availability until September. 

In the meantime, I’m trying to navigate how to cut out items that contain (sucrose, galactose,etc.) but I’m hoping there is a site somewhere that tells you everything you should stay away from based off the intolerances that you have. 

Anyone come across anything like this?",Websites for those with food intolerances
1930,p176jy,nutrition,If you eat less calories then u need over a long time does this reduce your appetite?,Does eating to little calories daily over time make u lose appetite?
1931,p14epi,nutrition,Is it okay to take vitamin C &amp; Zinc supplements on a daily basis?,Taking Vitamin C &amp; Zinc Supplements
1932,p132um,nutrition,"I’m not really sure where to post this, so if any of you have suggestions please let me know.  

I am sure being on prednisone long-term has screwed my body up, but I have been off for over three months at this point and usually this is when my body gets back to normal.  I’ve had blood work twice in my leptin levels have been 1.7, at 27.5% body fat that’s a clear indication that it’s a little confused.  My reverse T3 and T3 are on the lower side but still in normal range. I am trying to reverse my calories up, and I had a free meal tonight, in hopes that things like this will help me reset my leptin.  

Does anyone have any experience with this or resources?","Low leptin, high body fat %"
1933,p12zeg,nutrition,"Im vegetarian. 
My protein sources re v limited
 
Mostly legumes, milk, cheese, curd
These re the staple protein sources. 

Eggs too ocassionally but i cant aford non gmo diet eggs they re damm expensive. 
In peanut butter u have to buy non gmo organic. 

Dairy products are contaminated and full of hormones. 

Soy is gmo. 
Wtf is wrong with the world and govt
 
Y do they not care about our health. 
Y cany poor and middle income person live a healthy diet.

I have recently started taking care of my health and started eating healthy. 
I dont have any processed, packed sugary food.

Just homemade food which i deem healthy but idk if they actually are. 
Like the coffee could have a lot of peaticides, i have green tea which i think is full of pestisides
 

Vegetables are mostly sprayed. 


I just dont know. 
Im mad at the govt. 

In countries like uk, italy they dont have these gmos they re banned and some pesticides
I wish my country adopts this although i'll die untill than 😑
Sorry for the rant.",I can't leave dairy
1934,p11w63,nutrition,"Im trying to hit a calorie deficit while trying to take in 200g of protein and keeping carbs as low as I can, doing my best to eat whole Foods, any direction in proper nutrition advise is highly appreciated.","Is 1,500 calories cutting it too short for nutrition intake?"
1935,p10ytq,nutrition,Every oil that doesn’t cause inflammation is expensive are there any cheap ones?,What are the cheapest oils that don’t cause inflammation?
1936,p10psk,nutrition,I heard of someone just eating some vegetables and high quality chicken protein with water. That's it. I wanna stop eating food and just eat what I need to. What do you guys think? This want is rooted in my lack of food prep skills and lazy nature.,What is the smallest variety of food I could eat and still retain near optimal health?
1937,p0yiih,nutrition,The above question,How much soya chunk is safe to consume in a day? (pls tell if the quantity is before or after soaking)
1938,p0x57y,nutrition,"So I just ate a small jar full of pickles garlic today (trying out a recipe from tiktok which adds sriracha, chili flakes, thyme) and I was able to eat it all in one sitting. Is consuming this much pickled garlic bad?",Is too much pickled garlic bad for you?
1939,p0whe0,nutrition,"I recently went to a personal training gym where they zealously push the keto diet on their clients. During the initial consultation the trainer was telling me about the “science” behind the gym’s training and diet methodology. I have a fairly decent knowledge on human biology and could tell outright that most of what he was saying was complete BS and pseudoscience. 

Anyway, I asked if they weren’t worried about the artery-clogging risks of having a 80% fat keto diet. He said that fat only turns to plaque in the arteries when combined with sugars, and so being carb-free would prevent this. This sounded like BS but I wasn’t sure. After trying to Google it I couldn’t find anything that talks about sugar playing a role in plaque build-up. 

Is it true that sugar is needed for fats to turn to plaque in the arteries?",Does fat require sugar to form plaque?
1940,p0vkza,nutrition,"Im not really sure what makes it taste different... is it the fat content? some even serve philly cheese steak not seared unlike burgers, but burgers somehow tastes less millard reaction compared to a well seasoned cheesesteak...","Why does Philly cheesesteak and burger taste different? It's basically a combination of beef, onion, salt and pepper (optional pickles, bell peppers, ketchup and mayo) right?"
1941,p0vct2,nutrition,"I recently bought a bottle of flaxeed oil and it was refrigerated in the store. However, it was rancid unfortunately. Now I'm wondering if the capsules would be less susceptible to being rancid since they contain vitamin E within them preventing oxidation? Does anyone know from experience? 

I am looking for something stable on travel as well.",Are flaxseed oil capsules less susceptible to rancidity than oil by itself?
1942,p0ut4z,nutrition,How to calorie deficit while taking in enough nutrients?,How to calorie deficit while taking in enough nutrients?
1943,p0u6ba,nutrition,Specifically the hunger suppressing part,Does ground ginger have the same health benefeits of fresh?
1944,p0u2x8,nutrition,"I am mildly obese male (34 years, 5 ft 10 inch, 186 lbs) and started doing intermittent fasting recently but I get headaches during my fasting window and only way to reduce headache is coffee. I don't want to increase my coffee intake since I have slightly elevated BP as well (95 &amp; 135). Is there any other way to reduce these headaches? I am doing this to improve overall wellness, increased focus and cardiovascular health. Any suggestions?",Caffeine and intermittent fasting
1945,p0tyxo,nutrition,"howdy y'all,
i recently came across a little place in my city that does dexascans and also offers something called nutrigenomix.   
https://nutrigenomix.com  
Is this legit? Does it work? Is it worth it? Does anyone have any reviews?",Is nutrigenomix legit?
1946,p0tv7j,nutrition,"Welcome to the weekly [r/Nutrition](https://www.reddit.com/r/Nutrition/) feature post for questions related to your personal diet and circumstances. Wondering if you are eating too much of something, not enough of something, or if what you regularly eat has the nutritional content you want or need? Ask here.

**Rules for Questions**

* You MAY NOT ask for advice that at all pertains to a specific medial condition. Consult a physician, dietitian, or other licensed health care professional.
* If you do not get an answer here, you still may not create a post about it. Not having an answer does not give you an exception to the Personal Nutrition posting rule.

**Rules for Responders**

* Support your claims.
* Keep it civil.
* Keep it on topic - This subreddit is for discussion about nutrition. Non-nutritional facets of food are even off topic. 
* Let moderators know about any issues by using the report button below any problematic comments.",/r/Nutrition Weekly Personal Nutrition Discussion Post - All Personal Diet Questions Go Here
1947,p0t7f9,nutrition,"Hi there, I’m M16 and weigh 165.2 pounds at 6’1. I’ve been using MFP for about a year on and off as I’ve gotten into working out. As of now, I’ve been trying to gain weight (0.5 pound per week), but I somehow managed to accidentally set it to lose 0.5 pounds per week and the number of calories I needed was wrong. I was originally eating around 2300 calories, but, just by switching it a tiny bit, it wants me to now eat over 3000 calories! Is this right? Did I somehow mess something up again? Going up 700 calories for what seems like a small change doesn’t seem right. Help!",So I’ve (M16) been using MyFitnessPal and now it wants me to eat over 3000 calories (Help)
1948,p0rvj1,nutrition,Adult male here a bit concerned learning that 'excess iron' could be harmful. I should talk with my doc but curious if that's a well-established fact already.,iron cast pan bad due to excess iron?
1949,p0qmmt,nutrition,"So I sometimes crave vinegar and will eat pickles, drink pickle juice or put white vinegar on food, then eat it and the craving passes.

Afaik, acetic acid is totally devoid of any nutritional value. It's not like citric acid that's a vitamin. Or anything.

So why have a craving for something that doesn't biologically does nothing?",Why do people sometimes crave vinegar?
1950,p0q8a5,nutrition,"Is it even possible? Currently on a pretty lax 1200 - 1600 calorie diet and reaching the end of this weight loss journey, only two more pounds to lose till goal. Wanting to focus more on quality of the food consumed while staying at 1500 calories (approximate BMR + calories burned via exercise) to maintain new weight. Wrote down alllll the vitamins, minerals, and nutrients needed plus the daily values for age and gender and foods high in each thing but have no idea how to put it together in a meal plan. Also trying to avoid dairy which makes things a tad bit harder. 

Any resources someone can point towards, maybe an app? Thinking of trying to work backwards. Put together a meal plan then fill in the blanks but don't even really know a simple way to do that either.",Hitting all DVs?
1951,p0q7fd,nutrition,"What are some non-vegetable / fruit superfoods? I recently learned sardines are super healthy. I’m looking for more nutrients dense foods to pack in my lunches that are easy to make. 

Thank you!",Non-vegetable/fruit superfoods?
1952,p0pham,nutrition,"Disregarding calories, is there any other nutritional reason to eat pasta and rice instead of something like beans and potatoes?","Any nutritional reason to eat pasta and rice instead of carbs like beans, potatoes, corn...?"
1953,p0olzf,nutrition,I’ve seen a lot of articles on google that just say yes it is. But does anyone have real explanation on kombucha for gut health?,Is kombucha really good for gut health
1954,p0n0gh,nutrition,"Hi all, working on a project, need an MS RDN who has experienced in Indian diet plans. The project is around 10 hour long, with good pay. Please PM if this project suits your need.",Looking to hire an experienced MS RDN Indian Diet
1955,p0mx0h,nutrition,"So I’m new to weight lifting/nutrition and the concept of macros and I’m trying to figure out if a recipe I made in the past could be incorporated. 

Since all the food is mixed together when it’s served is it really feasible to weigh the food? I’ll provide all the uncooked ingredients minus the spices and the macros for them 

12oz of Chicken sausage:
36 grams of Fat 
12 grams of Carbs
48 grams of Protein 

1 Cup of uncooked white rice 
1 gram of Fat
158 grams of Carbs
13 grams of Protein

2 cups of Chicken Broth
1 gram of Fat 
2 gram of Carbs
3 gram of Protein 

1 Large onion (150g)
.1 grams of Fat 
14 grams of Carbs
1.7 grams of Protein 

2 Bell Peppers 
.5 grams of Fat 
15 grams of Carbs 
2 grams of protein 

1Tbsp of Oil 
14 gram of Fat
0 gram of Carbs
0 grams of Protein


I really don’t know if something like this is feasible to measure out. I imagine you can’t just weigh a portion on a food scale because with each “serving” you’d have a different amount of each ingredient per bowl.

Appreciate any feedback and saying to abandon the idea entirely isn’t a problem! Just looking for a little guidance from the more experienced.",Can recipes like jambalaya be calculated for macros?
1956,p0mosz,nutrition,"Was searching for Ashwaganda as a natural testosterone booster, and this is the only form I could find in the store. It says “anxiety and stress relief”and contains 600mg Ashwaganda root extract KSM-66 and 200mg L-Theanine. I do not have anxiety or stress, is this still good to use for testosterone? (P.S. idk if this is the right place to ask, but r/supplements won’t give me an answer)",Ashwaganda Pills
1957,p0map0,nutrition,"Considering that somebody’s diet consists already of meat, eggs, veggies and fruits, but no milk? (Only plant-based milk)",Can never eating any fish result in some kind of deficits?
1958,p0l9cc,nutrition,"I read that if you are taking creatine then you aren’t allowed to drink any type of soda and you cant drink coffee either, is this true?",Is taking creatine and soda bad?
1959,p0l90p,nutrition,"Im using my self as an example. I was 6ft 3 155 pounds now 160  
i was maybe eating 1 meal a day ect malnourished asf not getting any vitamins or any proper nutrition what so ever.  
ive sense been fixing my nutrition and im now at 160 pounds and feeling better overall.  
i purchased a mass gainer that has a shit ton of vitamins and from my understanding I was deficient in  possibly all le vitamins. my testosterone use to be tanked but as i started my self improvement it has gone up and my last test was before ive gotten my nutrition fixed.  


my question is how much do vitamin deficiency's really effect us and what are the benefits of getting all the daily recommended values? when you went from practically having none at all?  


a few examples of how i feel now is Im no longer depressed my energy is up motivation focus overall feeling of just being healthy im curious if thats to my self improvement or the vitamin intake?",Vitamins and Food.
1960,p0kxum,nutrition,"What type of jobs can you get as a ""Nutrition consultant""?",Question about jobs
1961,p0ejy3,nutrition,"Hi guys,  


since the biological value of ingedients can be increased when you combine them (egg BV=100, potatoes BV=76, 65% potatoes and 35% egg BV=136) if there is a cookbook, a list, an app or something else to increase the BV in your diet?",Biological Value cooking?
1962,p0e3p0,nutrition,"Is it really a problem to eat a chocolate bar or something as an athlete? As long as you have eaten correctly before and consumed the right kind of carbohydrates, why would candy etc be bad. I understand that if you only eat those kinds of products before a workout or something, you will experience a sugar crash, but if you have eaten the right kinds of carbohydrates before, does it really have an impact?",Sugar for athletes?
1963,p0e1y1,nutrition,"So far, I have a couple of methods I have used in the past:


1. Weigh/measure all the ingredients:
*This is the easiest way to estimate by far. However, it only seems to work for pan-fried or shallow fried food like bacon, chicken breast, etc where moisture loss and oil spatter is negligible*

2. Weighing the food before and after:
*This is the easiest method for things like fried chicken, where measuring before and after takes away the hassle of measuring the flour, egg, oil, etc. but considering the water loss, oil spatter and oil temperture, the calorie range varies a lot and might not be a good estimate*

3. Weigh/measure the oil before and after:
*This is by far the most annoying and tedious method imo. It's also not very good if you fry food that ends up as gunk at the bottom. Not sure how this ranks in terms of accuracy*  


However, none of these can account for the calorie of the food itself from frying; Is that's even possible?

So I was wondering if anyone has other ways of estimating calories or even having a rule of thumb for how frying affects the final calories, irrespective of the medium.",What is the best way to estimate calories for homemade fried/deep-fried food?
1964,p0dsja,nutrition,What drives the body to decide to burn/gain adipose tissue in X area before Y area?,Why is body fat lost or gained unevenly?
1965,p0cbqa,nutrition,"I'm doing meal prep every week (I'm one of those people that don't mind eating the same thing all week) and looking for tasty recipes that suit my tastes. I ran into this one: https://theflavoursofkitchen.com/spicy-chinese-chicken-meatballs/

It doesn't necessarily say it's healthy, but it's marked as 309kcal per serving (the recipe makes 5 meals) and for such a flavourful meal that sounds perfect. But looking at all the ingredients, and sauce and everything... I'm doubting it a bit 😅 Seems too good to be true and all.

Can someone who is more experienced with what is healthy and what is not take a look and let me know what you think?

Thanks a ton in advance!","Is this recipe ""healthy""? It's marked as 309 kcal but I'm a bit sceptical..."
1966,p0cbng,nutrition,Does it matter how they are cooked? Thanks,Is it healthier to microwave rolled oats or cook them traditionally?
1967,p0bisk,nutrition,How or when should a person know when to lower or raise there carb intake.,Carbohydrate control
1968,p09nqa,nutrition,Preferably non GMO or organic!,Better substitute for Sun Chips Garden Salsa variety?
1969,p09npe,nutrition,"Recently in a YT video, I found out that upping your fiber intake can have detrimental effects on the brain?
Is that true?
Because I've been on a detox diet taking Psyllium Husk regularly(1 tbsp).",Is more Fiber damaging to health?
1970,p06lih,nutrition,"Two things I need in my life is chicken and sometimes salmon. These two are powerhouses for protein and filling my huge appetite. However, I cannot fathom not eating any of these per day, whether for lunch, or most likely dinner. Saying that, how could I replace these two moderately high purine leveled proteins with something just as delicious and filling? I cannot become a vegan or vegetarian.",A Daily Carnivore Diet for Someone With Gouts
1971,p05swg,nutrition,"I'm having the hardest time determining who I want to listen to as far as following a healthy diet (I'm defining diet as the kind of food you habitually eat). I want to start following a healthy diet before I start having health problems but I don't know which way of eating is actually best. Every doctor lists a ton of research studies to back up his/her agenda but half of the research studies they mention don't even reach the conclusion quoted in their book. I don't like documentaries because of the bias. I definitely can't go by social media or anyone's website because they're worse than the documentaries. Everyone has an agenda they're trying to push. It's maddening. 

So how did you determine which diet you were going to follow? Did you get behind one of the doctors? Did you create your own plan, do your own research? What made you say yes to the plan you adopted? 

Thanks for your help with this.",What Made You Select The Diet You Currently Follow?
1972,p05no0,nutrition,"Yes I know that fruits have large quantities of important vitamins, minerals and fibre. But I'm curious: what do fruits have that vegetables don't? I personally think this dietary consensus of ""fruits being healthy"" and to get your daily serving of fruits every day is highly overrated, and that it only became popular because most of us never get in our recommended vegetable servings. If one consistently ate vegetables every meal, would this actually even be healthier than eating fruits in their diet ? (it removes sugar (fructose) intake, thereby better stabilising blood sugar levels and overall health)","The general consensus for the public is to ""eat your fruits and vegetables"". But given that one already eats enough veggies, does this eliminate the need for fruits?"
1973,p04j0x,nutrition,"Hey everybody

I’m a college student looking to cut some weight but also have some quality nutritious meals while on a budget. Does anyone have any great lunch/dinner options?

Appreciate it!",Good cheap meals
1974,p0484p,nutrition,"I don't know why it took me so many years to figure this out, but now that I have it's quite the eye opener.

One of the reasons why so many people gain too much weight, is because they eat too many high calorie foods that weight the same as low calorie foods.

For example:

1 lb of watermelon weighs the same as 1 lb of chocolate cake. Both of these foods will fill you up the same because they both weigh 1 lb.

But 1 lb of chocolate cake has about 1000 calories. 

1 lb of watermelon has about 140 calories.

So what people need to do, is lower the quantity of high calorie foods they eat and replace it will lower calorie foods that weight the same. This way, they will get just as full, but the meal will be more balanced because they have to go into better food groups in order to get the calories.

It's okay to eat high calorie foods, but the number of calories that you consume from those types of foods should not use up the majority of calories that you should be consuming during an entire day. The calories should be spread out among several food groups, not just one or two.

Once you understand this, you realize that it's okay to have a bacon cheeseburger with fries for lunch, because you know how to use other food groups to get the remaining calories you need for the day.

If you take this principal but convert it over to macros, it's actually way better because not only are you getting the calories right, but you're also eating very balanced meals every day.",One of the reasons people gain too much weight
1975,p01vta,nutrition,"I previously posted this to r/ corporatefacepalm but many of them didn't understand. I was under the impression that corn syrup was much MUCH worse -even in small doses- than natural honey, maple or even cane sugar. Am I totally out to lunch?

[https://www.reddit.com/r/CorporateFacepalm/comments/ozhcbr/beehive\_syrup\_mmm\_drink\_up\_kids/?utm\_source=share&amp;utm\_medium=web2x&amp;context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/CorporateFacepalm/comments/ozhcbr/beehive_syrup_mmm_drink_up_kids/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x&amp;context=3)",Thanks to this sub I previously wouldn't know anything was wrong with this product: Beehive Golden Syrup
1976,p01kqo,nutrition,"\[Beehive Golden Syrup! I got a lot of confusion when I posted this to corporatefacepalm but I know you all will get it.\](&lt;blockquote class=""imgur-embed-pub"" lang=""en"" data-id=""a/UpyNZ5y""  &gt;&lt;a href=""[//imgur.com/a/UpyNZ5y](//imgur.com/a/UpyNZ5y)""&gt;Beehive Golden Syrup! Fresh and Wild&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/blockquote&gt;&lt;script async src=""[//s.imgur.com/min/embed.js](//s.imgur.com/min/embed.js)"" charset=""utf-8""&gt;&lt;/script&gt;)","Thanks to this sub, previous me would never have noticed anything wrong with this product"
1977,p00pmh,nutrition,"Hello everyone, I want to know if there any negative effects of eating large amount of tahini on long term? currently I can eat a 200g (1300kcal) jar everyday and I'm so happy with it, it takes no time to prep, I just throw the jar into my pack and keep snacking on it till I back home also it tastes better than  most food I can get in work. I'm just worried that it may have any kind of hidden anti nutrients or may cause issues if I kept eating like this everyday for years",what is your thoughts on tahini?
1978,p00lox,nutrition,"Anyone have any experience with this food sensitivity test? Specifically on its accuracy.

I got an IgG antibody test before but I later learned how inaccurate it can be.",Multiple Analytical Resonance Systems
1979,ozzu6x,nutrition,"So i wanted to know whether eating sweet whole fruits (mainly figs, oranges, and berries) for their carbs (of course within calorie counting constraints) has any negative effects on health the same way that eating simple sugars from confections like cakes, crepes, pancakes, and the like have. 
What is the role of fiber in this, if any? I understand that fiber regulates blood sugar, but why is this? I always understood fibers as simply undigestible matter and i can't see possibly what leads to their regulation of blood sugar",Role of Fiber in Making Fruit Healthy
1980,ozzmpo,nutrition,I just finished eating my last meal for today. And i just overate 350 calories (2200). It also happend yesterday. I know i shouldnt feel bad but i feel like shit. Any advice to help me avoid days like these?,Overeating 2 days in a row.
1981,ozty3h,nutrition,"For my whole life I never had any known allergies or major health issues. This year I got an Ulcerative Colitis diagnosis, along with nasal polyps that has ruined my smell for the past 9 months together with a permanent cough that I'm 99,9% sure is asthma (waiting for a proper test).

All of this is to my understanding autoimmune problems. A UC doctor told me there's nothing I can do in terms of diet but I refuse to belive that. 

Any recommendations for an elimination diet? Anyone who has tried it to treat autoimmune issues? I basically eat two meals a day. Oat meal with milk (I drink a lot too) and dinner with meat/fish. 

From what I understand you cut out milk, gluten, soy and eggs to begin with then introduce them one by one after 30 days? I can barely think of a single breakfast not containing one of these.

Would greatly appreciate any help.",Elimination diet for multiple autoimmune conditions
1982,ozs90i,nutrition,Could you eat fibrous food or fiber pills before or after a sugary meal to lessen the blood sugar impact?,Could you eat fibrous food or fiber pills after a sugary meal to lessen the blood sugar impact?
1983,ozrz4i,nutrition,"I've never seen a clear answer for this. I know there's a recommended daily limit for added sugars, but what about natural ones, such as the ones occurring in fruit? How much would you guys consider ""too much""?",How much natural sugar should you have a day?
1984,ozqou4,nutrition,"I just said i felt like a child again from eating 1300 kcal and doing omad , i am a very small person and i am not starving ! I just said what i had done and asked if anyone has had the same feeling from fasting ! 

I didn’t promote anything ! Why should i get banned just because i require a small ammount of calories ? Everyone is different and i also don’t move a lot and i am not loosing weight so How is it an ED !!!! I am so sad 😞",Banned from r/fasting ?
1985,ozp155,nutrition,"Major tw for overdosing and self harm because it was intentional. 
-
-
-
-
-
Impulsively I took 3x my women’s all in one vitamin supplement(it’s strong) and at least 3x(dunno exact) my women’s multivitamin gummies as uh.. I guess to harm myself. I was feeling quite numb in those moments and a bit foggy in the brain, this was also after the fact that I had a bad day as I have general self control issues where I feel I need to have control in every aspect of my life and part of that was broken. 

But I’m not here to vent, bottom line is I took a crap ton of vitamins which is bad. I’m wondering if it’s something I need to wait out and try not to do again or if I really screwed up my body. 

I know it’s considered dangerous to overdose on vitamins but I’m super uneducated in this, can someone help explain this?","TW: overdose, overdosed on vitamins..!?"
1986,ozmkm1,nutrition,"Correct me if I am wrong but from what I read I don't have to soak oats overnight if I do the following:

Cooking like microwaving oats while on water or milk for 2 or 3 minutes;

Or tossing into a blender for a smoothie for example.

Is that correct?
Thank you!",Oats and phytic acid (blender and cooking)
1987,ozlrar,nutrition,"I have recently been having histamine issues with dairy thus decided to switch oat milk. I found a nice organic, unsweetened brand that contains 1g of sugar per serving. I understand that as far blocking absorption goes, if you aren’t deficient it probably isn’t anything to worry about. My main worry is digestive issues. 

I have no problem with the pre-made cups of oatmeal with added nuts as well as some brands that contain 20g of whey but every time I buy a big box of instant oats I get horribly constipated accompanied by moderate to severe cramping. Not sure if the protein oatmeals come pre-soaked or if possibly the larger portions I make of plain oats are to blame.

Anywho getting to my potentially stupid question: Is oat milk full of phytic acid? Have been drinking a large cup or two a day as well as two cups of coffee with unsweetened oat milk based creamer. I feel like the selenium and b6 give me a small natural boost to testosterone so am considering making my protein shakes with oat milk but if the phytic acid content is pretty high I may cut it out all together.

Sorry if this is silly. Many thanks!!",phytic acid content of oat milk?
1988,ozlqxp,nutrition,"For me, it’s full fat plain greek yogurt. I have almost a container per day and it has resulted in $40/week spent entirely on my addiction to it. What is your favorite food? How often do you have it? And does it provide any other benefits besides pleasure for your tastebuds?","My fellow nutrition and health nuts, what is your favorite food, how often do you eat it, and what makes it your favorite?"
1989,ozkrk6,nutrition,"Why are these nutrition labels so different? For example one has twice the total fat of the other. Given they are both 100% cocoa I'd have thought the nutrition info should be similar.

[Nutrition label comparison](https://i.imgur.com/YurADtI.jpg)",Vastly different nutrition labels on two different brands of 100% cocoa
1990,oziir7,nutrition,"My little sister is 6 and the doctor told us her calcium levels are too high. I want to try to find a low calcium alternative instead of cutting it out since she is small and likes it.

Is coconut milk a good substitute? Or rice milk?",Are there any milk substitutes that are low in calcium?
1991,ozfbuh,nutrition,I needs to know. Many of my family members have low vitaminD level. Now i want to know what types of food is better for them. They all take sunbath at the morning.,What is the best foods for increasing Vitamin D?
1992,ozef1y,nutrition,"Recently my mom gave me little scare about how her body is aching and all these things going on with her. By the end of the call she made me rethink the choices I make in food, working out , and overall just taking better care of my body.  I do try to make smart choices in food but I would like the guidance of a nutritionist to help me see where I'm at, where I can improve and what to look out for. I'm 33 and planning on having my first kid in about 2 years from now. Would love to know if anyone has seen a nutritionist and how it's worked out for them. Thanks in advance!",Has anyone seen a Nutritionist? Thinking about seeing one as soon an my insurance kicks in. Would love to know how it went for you. Any pros or cons to it?
1993,ozcjgh,nutrition,"Some very interesting [research](https://www.psychologytoday.com/intl/articles/201207/eternal-curves) which shows that omega 3 fatty acid DHA is stored around the thighs, glutes and hips of women. These stores are built up over their entire lifetime and gets used up during breast feeding.

The authors connect this with the potential healthier and smarter offspring that these women would have due to the abundance of DHA which would make its way to the children via breastfeeding. This may perhaps explain why men find hourglass figures (low waist to hip ratio) attractive. (No mention of what types of fatty acids are stored in breast fat so maybe some one can comment on this).

It’s certainly an interesting theory and one that further validates the importance of omega 3 fatty acids in the diet albeit from a evolutionary perspective. It’s reassuring to see evolutionary research support all the nutritional studies on the benefits of omega 3’s.

I’m now really intrigued as to what the fatty acid composition of visceral stomach fat is and if simple dietary changes would help reduce it. 

Supplements are one way of getting omega 3’s but I genuinely believe food is the best way to obtain all the nutrients that the body needs. Oily fish such as salmon, mackerel and herring are rich sources of DHA.","Omega 3 fatty acid DHA is stored around the buttocks, hips and the thighs in women"
1994,ozcj8u,nutrition,"Hey folks, 


   I am north of Austin Texas and looking for tips on procuring counsel from a reputable sports nutritionist.",Finding a sports nutritionist.
1995,ozbqad,nutrition,"There are a ton of blogs, videos, etc about easy/healthy meals. The thing is, they all seem to still take a decent chunk of time to prepare. 

To be honest, I hate preparing meals. I’m looking for stupid easy ideas. Oftentimes I’ll bring a loaf of bread and a jar of peanut butter to work, and that’s my lunch for the week. Now that’s stupid easy, but it’s not all that healthy as far as I know (not terrible though, but lots of carbs and peanut butter is easy to overdo). 

I like green beans straight from the can. Now that’s stupid easy!

Any other ideas or suggestions?",Having trouble finding “stupid easy” lunch ideas that are also healthy.
1996,ozbjcm,nutrition,"These days you can get protein supplements from tons of places like pea, soy, hemp and lots of others.

Is there any research on them? Are they healthy? Are they as good as whey protein for muscle hypertrophy?

Thank you!",Is there any research on plant based protein supplements?
1997,oz9v5k,nutrition,"I'm a 22 year and I try to limit my amount of caffeine. but still intake alot of sugar from soda. (sprite or caffeine free ones). 

and it got me thinking, is sugar just as bad or even worse?

I always look at the sugar free sodas but I've heard aspartame is bad for you so I never get those. 

so what's worse for you?","what's worse for you, sugar or caffeine?"
1998,oz5j0q,nutrition,I've been trying to get to the bottom of what foods humans should and shouldn't be eating. It seems like most books about nutrition spur heated arguments between the meat/dairy industries and everyone else. Is there a nutrition book that's grounded in good science?,Is there a nutrition book that is grounded in good science?
